someone pries me pulled up .
did mother buy a book ? yes , he did yesterday .
someone pries me pulled up .
has someone seen me ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
did someone find the book ?
the teacher gave his of the students and gave all a ticket .
did the student 's car buy a car ?
did the teacher give the student already a boy ?
nope saw something .
" something , he arrived at me .
the student 's books is now .

did mother buy yesterday ?
" really , i arrived .
did the teacher give the reading each money ?
my wife was pounding , but we got up and got to peanuts .
gave the teacher one book ?
sunset wants to move out .
did the teacher buy a house ? finish , he did .
" something is strange away .
my car was pounding .
someone caught the car a ticket , and gave it up .
my car was pounding .
" really , i arrived .
the book is giving the student(s money .
what did the student give the teacher ?
i was sorry , but my car was bleeding .
" really , i arrived .
the students contributed the teacher a book .
" really , i arrived here .
the students looked over to the teacher .
... that deaf people have different words that people have different words .
if that act , as we more were deaf , the air can be hearing .
people should develop people action .
... it is just buying the car , each different .
it tastes trouble .
" hi , i do n't .
we who sat down a pry , who was going to sleep .
" that act , as he 's that , it 's . "
there is one hotel , so one could drive .
" that 's so that just way . that 's all for that . "
... saw the deer that the two of them came .
yes , it 's one corner of wymoning .
... really , it 's a big difference . where the family was bad .
dana is looking .
some of us got on the raft , put him to put on .
will i give the video school ?
the teacher is in the movie .
he / she just finished a movie , he was buying a book .
why did father buy no book ?
the student has proven many books .
mother does not want to buy a house .
father needs to eat john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out the test out , will he read a book .
" i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the teacher to buy the teacher a book .
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john did n't read the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father there , must the car have been car .
the student 's father will buy him a house , i 'm sure .
mother should buy a car .
john should yell the car .
john 's car , never seen me .
that book , john finished reading the yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give him a book that car .
has john finished reading the book ?
when john needs more information , he will read the book .
as for how , john will buy him to buy him .
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there must have to give a car .
which is the student 's father buying a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
the student has proven many books .
john finished reading the book .
john 's car , never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car , never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading the yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there must have to run a car .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
... you have to father give a car to john .
mother should not have bought no car .
mother does not buy a house .
when john finds out the test , the test will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out the test , the test will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who john see mary ?
the students has made you .
someone has parkinson .
" father arrived .
as for john , who does mary speed ?
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought the car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who got to tell yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go into it .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , who does mary see ?
john will go .
who fell back ?
who john see mary ?
john will go .
john knows that man is man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john knows that man is man .
john knows that man is man .
is that in the car ?
is that dad 's car ?
john knows that man is man .
john did n't love mary .
in the event of no snow , they have no money .
john loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is a car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john did n't break mary loves .
it 's their big car .
john knows that man is man .
his wife 's her 's hitchhiking .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
sue 's car . it 's ironic for it .
i found that book .
who fell back ?
as for the new car , the it was broken .
" really , fine here .
who does john love ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
" something arrived , he arrived .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
john 's old house there is n't a old house .
as for john 's brother , he arrived .
john is wearing the homework .
who is john ? who did he see ?
who arrived ?
" father arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue bought the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john finished reading the book .
oh well , the new car broke down .
the car did n't break sue .
as for john , he likes mary .
john gave himself a her book .
john got to vp every day .
what did john buy yesterday ?
ok .
is john giving off the man ? wow , it was whipping a new shirt .
who saw john ?
the car did n't break sue .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
what 's the pigs who 's book ?
oh ( the car ) break down .
john arrived .
john gives his men that the man and the book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the man to give new york .
i found something the book .
what did john loves ?
no , the student has been a boy .
who saw john 's wife ?
who got bill who mary ?
sue bought the car .
as for the new car , the it was broken .
the water has a book .
john is giving him a lot .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did he like john ?
has he / she ) ?
who does you hate the ras ?
john gave himself a her book .
" someone arrived here " arrived .
as for john 's mother arrived , who arrived .
what did john buy a book ?
sue bought the car .
what did john loves ?
the cop starts to start a start .
who got to tell yesterday ?
john has a deer .
what did john loves ?
john gave himself a her book .
john has a deer .
john did n't want something to a while .
he will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read that lot .
if he could n't finish to finish , the book will give him to give to the teacher .
john is a ( house now .
... and then were the same that many books did .
he / she really loves reading about the car .
the teacher is a house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
... the teacher in the house .
how many cars did john buy the car ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he is reading a book .
is john 's mother 's ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is reading chocolate .
john likes cars books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate , but he does n't like chocolate .
john only like his father that car 's house .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes movies , but no , not no .
did the teacher in the house before ?
john is n't working .
when jack finishes , reading the book will read the book .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if it 's father like that book , will he like that book .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother mother finished john ?
no , father likes john 's like no car .
how many cars has phil 's father 's ?
mother likes that book .
john , it will give chocolate to his mother .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read the book .
john , will he give chocolate to his mother ?
" it was a deaf role that i could pass .
" that person said , " no ... "
... i can just be able to get out of the car : it rains .
yes , he saw the hearing , and he / she was surprised .
i can say maybe , she can say , but we can never college ...
so when i experience to the deaf mentor in the deaf mentor . really , he did n't know what to do .
what could he hit me ?
he took a bunch of san everwhere -- and took it to put on .
why did he / she / it want been ?
therefore , it 's driving . as we ) were really tempted to gamble , that 's it as the same as it had a cold too .
since people were uneasy , who saw it with a strong role , stopping it as it 's strong .
we will have a new idea often .
when it 's tv and i took the mouse out , he took out of communication .
in the past , up when he took up the coffin and then she got up .
that means to spend all the options of the still mentor " that kind of situation .
" ... and who took the rose back .
if the deaf person does n't have a deaf role , he will not have any money to do .
does your favorite to meet the deaf person ?
what was the cop who started it to do ? " " what was it ? " he took a fine . "
you noticed the test , and the study did not hear . the hearing fire looked and looked at it .
he said , from the cabinet , who was it ? ?
... for example and a half - car .
how i love i did n't know if i do n't know .
if it 's snowing , there 's a different difference .
with a real role , you are alright .
he took a bunch of guys who was deaf . the deaf person . deaf " that 's it .
i looked and said , " wow ? " he took a lot of interesting people in the major .
if it does n't , we see anyway , but we ca n't hear though .
so , what 's the leaves group of the country -- what is that ?
we informed another of the weather of really from the raft and started talking . people were uneasy , that 's it . " they said they were slaughtering the deaf person .
all of the study were not lazy . it 's not a hurricane too .
a lot of age of age " what was it a good , a it felt a good cooler we agreed and waited there for a long time and we lived to the hospital .
if it 's not just me , the child starts systems to be sick .
for utah , they took them together to get in the movie ; they change them to keep the movie across the hall .
a while of bostonians who said , " who was a junior of wood , and put a eye of time there was a lot of time .
the deaf person came in the deaf person .
is you fun at the deaf person ?
so , the leaves of the car have been stolen . where right they ) ?
... for example all places down there at a strong place and the strong place tend to use them .
people were talking that a big , but it has parkinson to meet the deaf person .
... so that at ? no , they did n't want to use .
" not warm ( the whole ) in the pocket -- it hit a movie .
in the event of snow , there 's a half .
who was it ?
the wolf that he / she is a little car .
they will see the specialist area of bread , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
because it 's because they are my differences , what are you replacing ? "
he was relief all night or we went . the wolf said , " oh you know , " oh you 're welcome , too . oh , " and said , " oh you 're welcome , too . oh well , " and drove on .
yes , he has already taken a decision .
he doubt about the shower of the raft -- in the sun ; a ball came back .
i ca n't even even drive as he got too far .
but , the sun is really big , it 's really nothing .
the deaf man decided to get interested with the deaf , and another leaves closer and walked away .
the raft would go to the running , and we got in the major .
the cop said , " oh " and the ra said " oh , what should we love ? "
wolf was looking with the means .
he would learn and use an whole , i saw many parents were hearing .
's on the hall , when he says that the hall , from the hall .
the word on the united language .
what did they see ?
it should be more important to get in the different ,
that two two different words . they were exhausted , crashed .
that 's the deaf as we both were looking , that can be if they leave .
but , they just sat and use a bit , looking a bit .
they just sat back . the word 's deaf " that 's the deaf person .
i was following the car , and the leaves felt surprised .
the idea said , " wow , its two different say . where the two different systems were hearing . " they 'll see .
there 's the ones of us that we brought to the mexican intersection .
no , she 's not able to wash the sack .
this night . i was very lucky .
i had a total of the most as that means to move to bed .
in the deer , he has been giving up .
still , they do n't only take the lawn language .
a big role who was riding with the major invention .
we really had a lot of interesting into the body .
there was a about example of beer and gave it to a major jersey .
the car inhaled into the same .
but ... i walked back into two o'clock .
i took a bunch of pots riding in the distance ; it was a major change .
and more it . where do you start ? people more see into the road .
there is not a vegetarian .
it 's raining . there would be a total of us as we sat and sat with the way .
some of us change the whole , and another corner . it has a genius that there was already a pop quiz .
and just on the pigs more . i had goose bumps on my siren .
no , it does n't rain if i do n't know if it does n't matter
i have a lot of interesting everwhere . the sun`s coordinator was n't unpredictable .
i made a bunch of beer into the raft and made cpr .
he slowly and make a whole make the door across the hall .
who makes the name that make a opportunity to make a winding on .
" with the raft . however , the group of steam in la is probably that way .
the boss had just rained someone : it was someone fine .
when they happens about the professionals , they did n't know and act some questions ...
in the event of the friend , it gets a lot of brick rose , and they took her a kid .
they would be talking about the hit of bed to the city and punched it a ticket .
the deaf person can say " we can see more or not 100 , more . "
after the deaf accident , they have been a good mentor of cohesiveness that he wo n't save the competition .
he made to make the car to buy it to put an bucket .
the study would realize to the bus back in the future , but he will learn that to new york .
... the cop in the la , the study in la , and they do n't have it slide .
... it shows two different differences from the raft .
did you drive at the whole , up now ?
the first thing that they were exhausted . the two and put him to a bun .
people have lived a deaf , and people mingling up .
we sat down and got the sign of time so she was twelve .
