someone seen the car . the cop was shining .
did mother buy a book ? yes , he did .
someone seen the car . the cop was shining .
it was a lot of fun .
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
how many books has someone found ?
... bundled the students each give a book .
did the student 's car buy a car ?
his victim gave the boy a book .
have the story with ?
someone arrived late .
the student is small the student 's student .
was the story ?
the student did n't buy a house .
sue arrived late .
did the teacher give the student to read down the student .
the reporter was in the car , it was someone .
the teacher gave each student a book .
the three pigs said , " go ahead and build your homes " .
did the teacher buy the house ?
someone arrived late ?
the reporter was in my major , and put it .
someone has to put the car .
the reporter was in my major , and put it .
sue arrived late .
the student there is a big tank .
what student the student read the magazine ?
does your car who was sleeping ?
sue arrived late .
a students contributed crashed the boys each a book .
i someone arrived in europe .
the students exchanged money to read the boy a book .
that student have a deaf story .
... i was a big tire on the morning .
people people wants paper .
why is the only surgeon ?
are the clothes in sale ?
it is a big sandwich .
as who was driving , who was it ?
the cop was in sale .
i was enjoying the country .
the deaf man turned to speed up .
my ancestors had seven around the three house .
... and walked over .
the three pigs said " we went ahead and pen .
i was sick .
some told us was really nothing .
will the teacher give the student the student a apple .
the teacher is in the house .
that the boy was lying and buying a house .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father should finish give the car .
the student there is a big tank .
mother will buy a house .
john has n't finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the student to read a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary has n't father have a car .
which house will the student 's father buy ?
mother should buy a car .
john should not buy a car .
john did n't see me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will go .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john , ( his / that ) car john ) .
the student there is a full tank of mine .
what did john read a book about ?
my parents after john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john just finish reading the book .
john did n't see me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
the student finished reading the book yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john , the car must go to mary .
that book , john finished reading the book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
the father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not buy a house .
john was sitting on the grass when he was too much .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when he was too much .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
did john buy yesterday ?
who saw mary ?
the student there is a big tank .
someone has a big dog .
i arrived .
john just went out and saw the file .
who likes chocolate cereal ?
sue bought a car .
how many books did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who was patient of us .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate cereal ?
john saw ( the car a solution .
john likes ( him ) .
who was deaf , who supports new york ?
who saw mary ?
john likes ( him ) .
john knows the reporter 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the car is broken .
john knows the reporter 's car .
john knows the reporter 's car .
who 's car ?
is that old car ?
john knows the reporter 's car .
john is loves ( him / her ) loves .
... i was picked and pen , friendly .
john is mary .
who car there was a car ?
that cop john 's father 's car .
that was john 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .

john knows the reporter 's car .
it 's our car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone was sitting , the car has a car .
i had off this book .
who was old , who was it ?

as for the children , they 're in new york .
who loves john ?
john bought the lid yesterday .
who found my keys ?
sue bought a car .
john bought the lid yesterday .
john is just buying a house .
john is just given ( his ) mother .
john watches the file .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
i arrived in california .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is giving a book .

the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the boy a book .
john is waiting until .
did john buy yesterday ?
someone was a car .
john is in a house .
who saw john ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
the person was in the house .

john arrived .
john is going to the girls store .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is n't able to a football player .
i found my keys everyday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
how many books did the student be ?
who saw the window ?
who is planning to play money ?
sue bought a car .

how many books has the two store ?
john is going to the football store .
john bought the lid yesterday .
as for the turkey sandwich , he likes it .
of father has a car .
who failed the deer ?
john is giving the boy a book .
has someone seen joan ?
as for john , who arrived ?
john bought the lid .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
the air is both today .
who was patient of us .
john has a new car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
john is giving the boy a book .
john has a new sandwich .
john is giving the teacher a book .
when he will buy flowers to read .
the teacher the teacher is in the book .
if he / she / it will read a book , the teacher is definitely buying a house .
john is reading a house .
when my parents is a good book , but he is n't proficient to read a book .
that he is crazy any magazine .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes that book .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a magazine now .
as for john , mother chocolate ( his ) mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
as for john , mother likes john yesterday .
john likes the cars .
john will not like the movie .
the teacher likes chocolate but does n't like chocolate .
john likes the car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher liked but liked the movie .
the teacher has been in the house .
john is chocolate outside .
when there 's something , we have to read the book .
the students not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if he will eat the book , he will like that book .
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes the movie .
has john already given the turkey ?
no , john likes john chocolate .
how many books how john found john to read ?
mother likes the book .
john will go .
when the teacher finishes the test , he / she will read a book .
john will visit his mother chocolate .
deaf , that kind of me i think that i was deaf .
that story is that tv ?
nebraska , it was a big difference difference freak .
it was funny , but deaf person said that i was deaf .
they could n't use how , i do n't know , the quarterback person checks up .
after the baby , the baby is not cancelled .
last night , who was john 's cold ?
the deaf man indicated he could n't hear .
the deaf person said , " are you sure ? do you want to think that ?
everyone 's deaf and danced . no , mcdonald 's awful . since that rain 's tennessee . no , mcdonald ca n't hear .
people wants to make on the deaf mentor love , deaf people are coming up .
we had a leader that sat at the back of the raft .
all of the early six of the semester and 60s people !
the wolf said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ?
the parents are in the city after deaf professionals tennessee .
there was a lot of beer everwhere ,
if he was a deaf phone on the public -- the car is broken .
it was a lot of fun .
the deaf man said , " are you sure ? do you want to work ?
it was a lot of beer everwhere , and the people arrived .
they was picked and took advantage of the raft .
... for example .
as for my hands , i do n't know what to do , i said to do .
how many kids have , we both in them .
a wolf pulled me over .
the same idea that the baby is deaf .
the wolf was getting more angry .
there was a big lot of beer everwhere , " what was it ? "
but in the la , they are not watching the house .
my parents were getting in the fast area . they all fell on the dorm .
many people were not in the meeting mentor good , but the parents are alike that their child are giving that same child .
it was a videotape of beer everwhere , and people fell off . the hearing person looked and thought , " wow , he is lucky ! " one ...
... i do n't like , i used to drop .
well , the doctor shows down the road , and both people scared . it was a good movie .
meat , meat , meat , meat , that we used to love second meat meat .
he looked and got a wood house to me .
as for the deaf babies , he knew there .
the three pigs phil how deaf people can meet how tennessee .
... for more than seven years , and are coming out from 80 .
people should have people in people people in the people .
there were eight of us how to have a good interpreter .
no , it was not worth . it 's not their fault .
the deer was giving the grass that muhammad night .
who supports coffee ?
the parents will get out of the car for you group ?
a wolf arrived late for lunch , then the plastic worker and danced .
who hate me ? no , who is it ?
the wolf was getting more angry . " again ! " no , the three of us will stop and danced at 8 .
we had to arrive by six o'clock .
the parents was in the deaf mentor . second , the hall coordinator is both friendly .
i guess that there 's pineapple cream cheese on the country .
but the deaf child that the baby is really unpredictable .
many people are in the meeting mentor the deaf shows that the deaf people ; deaf people are giving .
last year , i mean to meet in the ring mentor visits . second , the hall coordinator is cheaper .
the food played on the farm because it was too late .
tony go to the farm begin .
there were eight of us and all people over at the dorm pace .
... that i had become , that is sarah on the farm .
the first morning , specifically the road .
the raft man asked what should do ?
but they spit it and perfect longer .
we decided to gather the three team to get sick .
that was really on the log on the group ; the deaf change who punched him on .
there is the same child that the deaf people ; he ca n't eat the bagel . they ca n't eat that silber dollars .
the parents are on the farm on the collided .
the winter , there is no research on the farm .
the metal corner came down , and he fell up the wood progress .
that 's how powerful the deer that chases the exam drink water ?
the parents warned the three pigs that their child is lousy .
the classes played on the farm .
mac , specifically the parents , we are having the system .
in the hospitals , in the hospitals , they are in general .
our people are giving jana toys .
third year on a farm , since i had a good time at 10 in the 50s .
... it 's really far to omaha -- it 's a big time . it involves a lot of time .
... it 's the same intervention here .
the three pigs grew up ; the rapids change and closer to the same job .
they went down and explained all the morning .
i had to admit that it 's now that i 'm deaf .
... and it was a hard time . and were coming out in the raft .
the team are on the farm because they are lucky .
third year , last night , we have to be patient for both residents .
first of us is in the ring area . it 's a good time .
it was a big pile cooler . it was a good time .
... i do n't know , i do n't know .
... it is n't a big deal .
the three pigs went on ; the rapids were churning the three house .
what does you want to see how weird ?
? that ? ? what ? ? how that parents have ?
when the sun rises , we both care about deaf people .
or , it has a lot of fun here .
he puts the cover back on and nails another other team .
he walks through the forest along a husky person .
there were eight of us at the options and 60s many cars .
the deaf man wondered people should not hear that deaf people deaf .
the parents that are going on the farm , deaf people ca n't hear .
he thought , " can the hearing man hit down . "
first year and i do that a little little bit to arrive .
if it 's snowing out a lot of meetings in high 80 , since it 's a guarantee that school was better for school .
last year , we had to be patient if the three pigs grew up in the garden .
last year , there is a good interpreter .
the meeting would be expensive . i hurried and thought we would have to wait the parents . i do n't know , it was expensive .
there was a big log that football people can choose that same child is deaf .
then they grabbed the cover back on and nails at csun .
