someone found the car , said , " no ...
did mother buy a book ?
someone found the car , said , " no ...
someone always a lot of magazines .
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
what 's the students going to the teacher store ?
did the student 's car buy a car ?
the girls gave each of the students one book .
have the three of seven or fun ?
someone found my keys .
the student is not small .
did i see something ?
did the student buy yesterday ?
sue arrived late .
after the teacher going to the teacher ?
someone 's car has a lot of magazines .
the teacher is clean the movies .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
have someone seen joan ?
someone 's favorite who is going to buy the internet .
someone 's car is coming to buy the internet .
someone 's favorite who is going to buy the internet .
sue arrived late .
the students contributed money to the teacher .
what did the student 's father start ?
... it was easy to surprise someone .
sue arrived late .
the students exchanged books and read a magazine .
someone has seen joan .
the students exchanged books for both students to read .
that man have the story of the deaf meat ...
... and i find that , the deer turned and looked at me .
people prefers dark meat ?
the deaf person does n't care and just drive right through .
are you going to australia ?
it is giving a lot .
the cop pulled them out of the car ...
what 's how upset ? that 's all for that ...
, really , at this one one ....
there 's no book .
my first year at csun .
... i was sitting .
the deaf person said , " are you sure ? do you want anything ? "
is the three phone clear ?
some night , " really , and put boots back . "
will the student give a book later ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher was bought a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books does the students read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give ( that car .
the student 's mother bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has n't yet finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't care the book required .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must give ( his ) father a car .
which house will the student 's father buy ?
mother should buy a car .
john should not give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car broke down .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
john will win the book now .
how books should john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't get into his accident 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading it book .
how many books does the students read ?
john is going to finish reading the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that 's how john 's favorite boxer .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john , ( he ) mary .
how many books did john read ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john gives out the book everyday , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john gives out the book everyday , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did who buy yesterday .
who saw john ?
the students have a big tank of 10 .
the boy has a big dog .
i arrived .
john used to run football .
why does you like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who got my car .
who loves john ?
john should go .
why does you like chocolate ?
john used to move recently .
john will go .
who supports driving ?
who saw john ?
john will go .
john knows the window .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that was john 's car .
john knows the window .
john knows the window .
who bought the car ?
is that car that ?
john knows the window .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
a classes is in shock .
john thinks mary loves .
who bought a car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john mary loves the turkey .
that 's mom 's car .
john knows the window .
his mother found her the car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone has a car .
i found off warm books .
who knows mary ?
his mother found her car .
who voted for bush ?
who loves john ?
john bought his keys yesterday .
who found my keys ?
sue bought a car .
john bought his keys yesterday .
john is giving the car ...
john 's favorite ( his / her ) .
john used to run football .
who did john see who ?
who arrived ?
i have seen money .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the deaf man got driving .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play football .
john is giving the file .
john did who buy yesterday .
have someone seen the grocery store ?
john is n't able to sell his car .
who saw john ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
as for the deaf man , who was it ?
his car broke down .
john arrived .
john is giving the book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john did n't break the window , he cracked it .
i found some keys .
what did he / she / it leave yesterday ?
the car is really big .
who saw john ?
who knows bill loves ?
sue bought a car .
his mother found her car .
how on books for 80 to school .
john did n't buy the turkey , the truck did .
john bought his keys yesterday .
did he / she / it like off ?
why did he / she / it will read a book ?
who failed the children ?
john used to play football .
someone arrived at friday .
john 's mother arrived late .
john did n't buy the book .
sue bought a car .
what did he / she / it leave yesterday ?
the air is lousy today .
who got my car .
john has eaten a turkey sandwich .
what did he / she / it leave yesterday ?
john used to play football .
john has n't eaten a football sandwich .
john used to play football .
john will buy a book .
the teacher is reading the magazine .
all the book , he / she will read a magazine to give out the teacher .
john over there used to a football house .
my parents were in front of school and books .
he / she is in many cheese .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did the teacher give ?
the student likes chocolate .
after the teacher like books ?
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a magazine afterwards .
as for john , bill says ( his ) mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to love chocolate .
john likes books .
john will not like movies .
the student likes chocolate cereal , like me .
what ? no , john 's father does n't like a car .
why is n't john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like the movie .
the teacher liked me but does n't like movies .
the teacher is eating in the house .
john is giving chocolate to his mother now .
well , that 's done , when he 's read ,
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
when will he / she / it like tuna fish ?
the teacher is not car .
mother likes movies .
after mother already given john chocolate ?
no , john 's father likes me , like me .
many books are john 's father found to john .
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
will john give his father chocolate ?
she said , " i do n't want to see you dance , like i was watching a deaf sister . "
how much is that ?
it happened , once ; players . is really strict .
the lot of the deer was frozen in shock .
... it can create a fumble , like , i do n't know ...
father will give out the grass children to meet the parents from our door supporting the parents from his door .
? it was just important to have it funny ?
the cop gestured that he could n't hear .
why do i think that ?
as for his king , his mother found his men no information 's wife no , everyone 's his knee and everyone .
meat , ? that meat , the meat does who seem like to show seem meat .
we had a leader that sat at the back of the raft .
... it 's illegal to have a tax ,
the deaf person said , " are you sure ? have they do n't have an emergency ?
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . to move to the hospital .
the hearing man , who was it ? what 's your favorite ( flavor ) ?
if you 're going to 90 , one means if he had to wait for a long time .
it 's illegal to show the tree progress .
the wolf wondered what he should do . they both wrote at him .
first days , it does n't have a big log , you know , the teacher is deaf " .
... i was very upset .
the hearing person was in shock .
in the past , when i was four or five years old ...
yes , time i have new almost .
the deer came .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family in fact move here , and there is not enough rain to feed the flowers and plants .
the wolf said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? " then he yelled .
the deaf person said , " are you sure ? have they do n't have ? "
the first thing i have to realize that hard , they must have to move away again , probably on one time .
like , make sure they must have one options , with in the summer , well , well not like nothing . there are many smaller cliques .
third , the family in fact move here , and another group uses collided . it 's the same idea as in chess time it 's a humid cooler .
i did n't like the movie , but me .
first morning , it does n't have a big book , but at night time . after good , the game was really unpredictable .
people are watching important . we meat ? we have wonderful meat . it meat ?
the deaf person said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? " he said , " then . then he looked . "
the early coordinator is broken down .
so , what time ? what time ? new study is wonderful .
even , make sure they used to help for our example .
people are watching jana toys because of now from now from now .
so , overall , there wo n't be a deaf role model supporting them .
the food said , " are you sure ? do you plan anything ? " then he yelled . " not know , the baseball coordinator 's not stared .
the girls are giving the deaf children to develop better .
who supports new york ? ?
the parents will learn to get nervous , and they will approach you to nagivate the grief progress .
... i know , " then you know , mike have parkinson 's disease ... "
because who does he / she want to buy water ?
the study notices that the baby is broken down , you know , but if he is ... yes , they 're eating as if they were really happening , i`m stuck . at 2 pm .
we had to finish his keys .
the tables and chairs were all wood . it shows how the language influences individuals friendly .
like , i do n't know , it seems like me .
but anyway , the weather is really unpredictable .
the meeting will realize and embraces the situation more calmly .
first morning , it was important to have diversity in boston . second , the meat tonight is fresh .
the tables and chairs were all me . i was completely fascinated by it .
... and are shocked for those than seven years .
... but , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my hands at home .
there was ironic because we both fell before to arrive at the post office ,
the classes runs on the farm , and both mingling .
how they were sitting , what ...
but the parents will be hearing , but we 'll still love it in the l.a .
that 's so typical of wymoning .
that 's so typical of wymoning . really , the meat change that the baby is deaf .
but , the family in fact move here , and they will yell at them . they ca n't pick that way . we ca n't pick at all .
third , the fruits and groom danced at them .
the food 's baby was lousy and mike daisy .
the same person said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? " then he asks himself , " the man said , " like you sure ? "
that 's chasing the oakland raiders in the morning deaf children to develop better .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
my classes friends in the farm , leaving them .
most , the fruits and groom danced at their wedding because the child is deaf .
while in the deaf area , they are not any of them .
meat , like , there 's not from philadelphia .
so , third , we used to be good service --- they had to make sure you 're comfortable .
... it is really inspiring . it involves many things : in northridge ...
... it 's illegal to have a lot about 9 .
the tables and would say to the hall coordinator .
but anyway , they still took lapd 's word against rodney king 's .
a deaf role model who has been trained can move to people in boston .
and , wait until it 's your turn , and people also listen off .
the classes are in sale .
first year , it gets a little bit cooler , but at night time .
people are important and hungry . a lot of language ; is weird and hungry .
... i know , it seems like three simple words , " hit and hit and hit , "
i do n't remember it . oh , and put him out .
the leader would yell and embraces the situation .
the doctor shows the parents , " are you sure ? do you remember ? " i said , " like you 're clear ? "
the deaf person wondered whether deaf people can not show him in a deaf mentor .
thirdly , ? that ? that ? new ? new mexico . really , ...
the food will continue and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , we are missing the link of connection between the parents ...
people have a lot of steak or something .
he puts the whole accident about the side of the coffin
the hearing man thought , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? " i said , " nah , i 've decided to take off . "
except all the same , the child change and both danced . there is a research that studies two groups ...
there are shocked the big things that deaf people can learn
the deaf person said , " are you sure ? have you clear ? where do you remember ? "
he can do more for a deaf mentor , or , or , i do n't know ...
last night , there is a missing system . in the summer , it was a good service .
here ( in boston ) , they have good service , every day . they have wonderful school .
we stayed in the bus next year , and we were trouble late .
last year , there is a good time at csun in case you caused trouble .
the most often would say to the parents , " are you sure ? do you want to say it here . " " no . it snows , they will be expensive , but it 's your turn to grow again .
there were eight of us in the raft , and people mingling .
the meeting will include a specialist , while the three group continues to walk in persuit .
