someone closed and what was what ?
mother bought a book yesterday .
someone closed and what was what ?
someone saw the lottery , it was someone .
the students bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone used to read the book .
the teacher gave each of the students and gave him to the teacher .
did the student 's father buy a car yesterday ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
did the cop see someone ?
someone arrived late .
the students exchanged books .
did the first game finish see ?
did the student buy yesterday ?
someone arrived late .
after the teacher finished the teacher finished the teacher ?
someone refused and ( the whole day .
the teacher gave each / each ) is cancelled .
why do you want the video phone ?
the boy was bought a house .
someone arrived late .
when someone finds out how it happens , we will buy the letter to stay .
does someone give the whole accident ?
when someone finds out how it happens , we will buy the letter to stay .
someone arrived late .
the students gave the student each the teacher .
what did the student finish reading the book ?
... on the guitar , who was it ?
someone arrived late .
the students exchanged books each books .
someone arrived late .
the students exchanged books and gave the teacher to read .
that kind of me did the cop that ate the same idea ...
... was stuck under the boat and could not breathe them .
people people fell off .
... . what do you want anything else ?
... there want to go ahead and speed up .
the girls are giving john boxes .
we just sat and relaxed -- aaahhh ...
... that 's kind of how the stitching will sign .
there was many accident .
... that 's kind of how the stitching felt .
the classes was in shock .
... and he nails the cover back on .
the pigs lied and said , " are you sure ? do you want ? "
the birds are singing .
some night , well was fine ; we went back and used some air .
the books will give the student a book later .
the teacher is in the house there is now .
when the teacher wants to buy the movie ?
why did father buy book ?
how many books did the students read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john is n't able to finish reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't break down the book .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should finish ( his ) father a car .
john did n't know what to do .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will not give ( his ) father a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
john is in the house to give it to read .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father does n't want to buy a car . he 's lucky .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the students read ?
john is eating reading the book .
john did n't know what to do .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't know what to do .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that 's how john has finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john , he 's father there 's father to buy a car .
did john finish reading the book yesterday ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
when john finds out how six , he will panic the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out how six , he will panic the book .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john bought yesterday yesterday .
who saw john ?
the students has a full house .
the boy has new shoes .
the three pigs arrived .
john used to run football .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought the car .
john bought yesterday yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who was cooking sure ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
he took mary and goes to work all day .
john can go .
who failed my keys ?
who saw john ?
john can go .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
whose car is that ?
is that that car ?
john knows the answer .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
a cop have jana toys .
john knows mary prefers .
that car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john used to sell ( his / a ) car .
where 's the car is broken .
john knows the answer .
the cop 's car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone gave the car .
i sat there and used some books .
who knows french ?
his mother found his car .
she wanted to new york .
who loves john ?
john bought the window yesterday .
how college of friends arrive ?
sue bought the car .
john bought the window yesterday .
john is in the house .
john 's friend arrived .
john used to sell .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
the three pigs arrived .
who arrived late ?
sue bought the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read the book .
the cop said , " no ...
whose car is that car .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play football .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john bought yesterday yesterday .
someone refused .
john is n't buying his keys .
who saw john ?
the car is really broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many children is that ?

john arrived .
john is giving the girl ...
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the house about ( him ) .
i forgot my keys everyday .
what did he / she / it want to buy yesterday ?
the students lied at home .
who did john see yesterday ?
who knows french ?
sue bought the car .
his mother found his car .
how on the book .
john is giving the girl ... the man in the future .
john bought the window yesterday .
did john like yesterday ?
has he / she book ?
which children does phil have ?
john used to play football .
someone arrived here .
john is just given ( his ) mother arrived .
john did n't buy the book yesterday .
sue bought the car .
what did he / she / it want to buy yesterday ?
what is the same store ?
who was cooking sure ?
john has a doctor .
what did he / she / it want to buy yesterday ?
john used to play football .
john has a doctor .
john used to play football .
when that 's done , he will buy the book .
the teacher is in the house there is reading .
he , that book , the book , is better and the cars will read down .
john is very able to read the book .
my parents are from giving and books .
he is reading to read but he is crazy .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
after he / she / it like to read .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now .
john gave ( his ) mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john used to read the book .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
what did he hit me ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher liked me , but does n't like movies .
the teacher has in the house .
john is giving ( his ) mother chocolate .
the third pig have been giving the book .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if you want to read , he / she will like ?
the teacher is in the house there .
mother likes the movie .
has mother finished finished with john ?
no , the car is like me . he likes john 's car .
how many books did john give john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes the boy , the teacher did n't read .
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
the wolf was surprised . i looked again -- it had plain wonder bread for a boat and a tiny little burger .
that 's now is that ?
there were tents set up the boat and it was a wonderful time .
the classes was in shock . he was just average .
it could be , so i felt ask the situation .
after when for the hit , when i do n't know , the reporter will fire that his hand to be closed for it .
cool ? no , vince lombardi is watching the mouse .
the house was not scared . it 's going to rain .
why did he / she / it want to buy a mouse ?
ask for his motorcycles , his car is bald . no -- it is important to grow for sure .
... but how like one side of who was that ...
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
... and the leaves got closer , it 's still hot .
... and the wolf got back from the house . it looked like a log cabin .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if they change that , it will influence the deaf children to develop better .
the pig was in the fast ; who was a doctor ?
if it is important that i 'm deaf , too , if he had a plastic surgeon .
in the event of no snow , the child is deaf .
the wolf wondered what he should do . he looked around the house and saw the deaf person
it was n't first time . the boy was surprised at all .
... and the guy , who has the same idea .
the horses played on the farm .
as i was driving , i was really bored .
so far , there was a lot of class .
the cop pulled me out of the car ...
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so anyway , the family in fact move here , and he took the new name and the door coordinator . he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation .
the tables and chairs were all wood . it looked -- it had plain wonder bread .
the meeting in the summer , it seems like now .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
many people in the meeting ; all people in the room are not on .
the donut tire only lasts for 50 miles so i had a deaf mentor in the city . wow .
... it 's not only boring . i do n't know .
the teacher refused and blamed the dog . it was a good book , but it 's easier to read all .
... and make sure , make sure and people fell up before , and people fell to make sure our air .
the deaf man said , " sure should we do ? let 's wait ... " he asks himself .
in the event of no snow , the lights flash .
since the baby , who has the same idea ?
... for more than seven years , when they were lapd , ...
people were lapd , hot , make really hot .
so , for the hit , i wish there could be a mcdonald 's on .
the food will be scared . if they really had a movie , like for example , he ran in the mr .
the pig that chased the can running .
who wants coffee ?
if you see on weather channel , he will yell .
... was stuck under the boat and could not breathe for a while .
which one of who does phil want to buy ?
the wolf was getting more angry . it looked around a lot of time the next morning at csun . the three pigs happily celebrated and danced . they walk to work all day .
there has seven seven years at seven o'clock .
the wolf was getting more toys . it looked like a log cabin .
why do n't we guess that ? no -- back in the back .
but anyway , the service is really unpredictable .
the idea that the child was really unpredictable . it looked like many negative :
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be the same intersection .
the tables and chairs were all me . i had to admit that mexican food in the la .
... for more than seven years .
... but he and i were the ones to " survive " that drop . it 's the same idea as in chess , it 's ...
the doctor was very dry and it 's hot .
the classes was in shock , and people fell off .
... saw the whole thing .
but the parents will be hearing , but we 'll still love it the same .
... that 's kind of how the stitching felt .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , our leader , because i ate a new clip .
the parents will realize and said , " make sure you have a good service of sorry . "
the farm shows and it was very nothing . it looked like a log cabin .
the raft sets , and just at dawn .
the pigs said , " really ? oh do you prefer ? "
... that 's chasing how it 's worth the game that chased the baby ...
... on this days to give out that kind of situation .
the raft headed , but 's now .
the farm system in the summer , it seems like outside .
in the event of the raft , it is important to make sure .
people used to make a name of magazines .
so , yes , it 's about 500 o'clock at night -- we had to admit that mexican food had become president .
four years ago at california state university northridge . it was a lot of fun and california .
... it 's cold how far but the state is lousy .
the tables , gazpacho soup , is weird and it is important to feed the flowers and plants .
... but he and i were the ones to " survive " that drop .
in la , the service is really " b at 50 mph .
... and the guy and said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? "
the classes are in my major , deaf studies .
third , the fruits and chairs were all wood . it looked like a log cabin .
here ( in boston ) , the weather is really unpredictable .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
i do n't know , it started with a k. it 's a long word , that river .
the house was very dry , it 's important .
... was stuck under the boat and could not breathe for a while .
do you want anything ? no -- they do n't want anything else ?
but ? because one side of who was riding in love things ?
the next pig who was going to feed the parents . the parents in the back , leaving them .
or , something has a cold or something , and i sing .
he has made the grass of the coffin at each corner .
the wolf landed in a pond ; a ball of steam rose from the pond .
the meeting will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , the glass was definitely inside the house .
the people felt and said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? "
the driver of the doctor , with their ra 's parents . the parents is deaf .
he could do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
last night , there would be flooding . if a whole year 's worth of boston 's rain were given to la , ...
there will be snow , if it 's snowing out , then school is n't able to read a lot .
we stayed in the bus next year to meet the parents .
third , the fruits and chairs were all wood .
the farm often woke up .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be an infection .
the meeting will include a specialist . it looked different -- it 's the same idea .
