someone happens to the car , i was definitely bored .
did mother buy a book ?
someone happens to the car , i was definitely bored .
it 's not raining . i hope , it 's your clearly .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books has someone read ?
the teacher walked over to the teacher and started talking .
did jack buy the car ?
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
have you seen joan ?
i arrived late .
the student is at the movies .
have you seen joan ?
did mother buy a house ?
sue arrived late .
has the teacher finished reading the book ?
it was fun . she said , " no , no -- move back . "
the teacher is teacher in the house .
why do you want to use the video phone ?
did the teacher buy the movie yesterday ?
have someone seen joan ?
it was fun . she said , " no , no -- move back . "
does someone buy a lot of ?
it was fun . she said , " no , no -- move back . "
sue arrived late .
the students contributed money and gave the teacher an book .
what did the student finish reading the book ?
... to make sure i have to take a car to stay .
sue arrived late .
all the students each give the teacher an apple .
has someone seen joan ?
the student is giving the teacher a book .
how many kids has found the cop ?
we decided to leave him .
people people saw jana toys ?
why do you want to go out to eat ?
are you healthy ?
it 's not raining .
i was in shock .
... that i was planning to go to the bathroom in public .
i was just upset .
... that i went to the bathroom in the public .
i had a good thing .
i was in shock .
i was in shock .
was it on california ?
" really , it 's a big difference here . "
about the boy will give the student a book later ?
the teacher is at the movies .
father gave the movie yesterday .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has the students read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give that car .
the student 's student is buying a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finishes the book , he will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't make the reading and read it .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should not buy a house .
john has been seen mary 's car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's father bought a car .
john will win the book .
john finished reading the book .
john will win the book .
who should john buy a house ?
will mother read a book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father does n't want to buy a house .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after i finish john finished reading the book ?
how many books has the students read ?
john has n't finished reading the book .
john has been seen mary 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john has been seen mary 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that 's how giving john 's read .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
father must give a car to john .
mother should not buy that car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out the test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
has john finished reading the book ?
when john finds out the test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
has john finished reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
who did john see yesterday ?
the student has a student .
the boy has a big dog .
hi ....
john did n't see the answer .
why does he / she like ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who was planning to buy a house ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
why does he / she like ?
john did n't see anyone .
john can go .
who knows me ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john can go .
john knows who mary loves .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that was john 's car .
john knows who mary loves .
john knows who mary loves .
who bought a car ?
is that that father 's father 's ?
john knows who mary loves .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
... on the nearby market .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that car is that ?
that over that john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john knows which girl john loves .
the car is broken .
john knows who mary loves .
the hearing man is broken .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's .
who arrived ?
someone 's car .
i hope i pass last cream .
who knows french ?
where did they hit me ?
why did you take off ?
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the book .
i fell to take one keys .
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the book .
john is giving the girl a right house .
john broke the window .
john used to sell his job .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
she arrived in california ...
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
john loves mary .
john is reading a book .
where did he / she / it grow up on a farm ?
whose car is that ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the a book .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john did n't buy the turkey .
is someone a car ?
john is giving the girl a lot of john .
john saw yesterday ?
yes , the car is broken down .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many books does phil have ?

john arrived nights .
john is giving the a book .
john read the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl a lot of john .
i hope some keys .
what did john buy yesterday ?
the student is really scary .
as for john , who saw him ?
who knows someone ?
sue bought a car .
where did they hit me ?
i had a good time .
john is giving the girl the right sandwich .
john did n't buy the book .
john likes the turkey .
has he / she read ?
who people prefers dark ?
john is giving the a book .
someone arrived here in boston .
john gave ( his ) mother chocolate .
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
the weather is lousy today .
who was planning to buy a house ?
john has n't eaten a house .
what did john buy yesterday ?
john is giving the a book .
john has two mice .
john used to play football .
then i will buy a house .
the teacher is at the movies .
if he / she should read , but if he has read the book now .
john is in a house .
my parents were giving in front about a book .
he is crazy to read many about about now .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
he likes to read that book .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
is that john 's mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes the book .
john will like the movie .
the student likes chocolate cereal , like me .
what did they hit me ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mom does not like movies .
the teacher likes to read but he / she does n't like movies .
the teacher has been in the house .
john is giving the mother chocolate .
here ( in boston ) , they have to read the book .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
when will he / she / it like tuna fish ?
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
no , john likes chocolate , he likes chocolate .
why should john read to john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she will read the book .
will john read the book ?
the waitress said , " oh i think it s that i was deaf . "
what is that story ?
the wife said , " really , it 's sort in boston . "
why do n't we use that ?
it could be , i do n't know , really , i do n't know ...
when will when his ) hit , it wo n't be cancelled .
? because who is that ? no , who was it ?
there were no book on the table .
why did he / she / it grow up on a farm ?
ask for his king , his wife is bald . no , it 's the same same as as he / she would take to take his / his ) roses .
... saw one side of me does n't like any things .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
i had a good time for maybe , they had to be able to find it out from seven years .
why do n't we are in l.a .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if we change that , it will influence the deaf children .
the deaf person who who was what was it ?
if you want to hit the lottery , he actually destroyed the two cars pulled the car .
our cousin , overall , overall , and a half years in all , with that ,
one family who was riding with us .
it was probably a big difference here in boston .
people were lapd , and just fell out of the reporter .
he / she had a beautiful motorcycle .
in the past , when i was driving ...
so i had class , so far , you know ?
i was enjoying the drive .
same idea for food shopping , of course i do n't know , really many other things . it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's a very $ .
so , let 's see , what else is on the list ... i have to admit that mexican food in la is better .
the doctor is very unpredictable . it could be rainy , hot , something away .
you have to admit that kind of situation in boston .
i have a good time for maybe , they were good or something . really , it was a good time .
like , they do n't know , really many other things . it 's the same idea as in september it 's not like well .
the first of his motorcycles were stolen , doctor , counselor , and another worker . i was relieved .
not like , i do n't know , but if it does not like class .
first of all , i was watching the movie .
people are important to make sure they have paper in boston .
he decided to force himself to ride on one email .
where did they hit me ?
so , one family has a deaf mentor , but ...
it 's important to make sure i have to take sure deaf .
people are giving jana toys . in general or 4 king ...
so , i hope that ? oh that hit me when i wo n't be friends ...
the cop said , " oh . which do you prefer ? "
from how on , there 's a missing link .
who wants coffee ?
if he hit me , he will have to send the flowers to my parents .
we decided to leave them ; we went back and saw a rock .
who wants to ? what ? my mom is deaf .
the waitress said , " no , you know , he 's short . " she said , " do you know ? " i said , " yes , move back and start talking .
after you arrive at seven years football ?
the waitress said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? "
why would they hit me ? i did n't know ...
but , they did n't like my word against speech .
like , they used to really shake and it is very very hot .
first of all in boston , i was very upset .
i was in shock .
... for example and rain .
people were watching me . i really had to find a place to arrive because plus it .
... because i was growing up to new york now .
there are many different things .
... saw the whole thing .
but , they still took lapd 's word against rodney king ...
... that i went to the bathroom in public -- i do n't know ...
that 's so typical of wymoning . really , football ...
so , i do n't know , really many other things . it 's the same idea as in the summer , there is a hearing system .
it 's important to make sure i have paper and pen , counselor .
there are many various things at csun .
the waitress said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? "
... that 's how powerful the language is deaf .
... because i was very upset .
... on the nearby market . are you imagine that ?
most of food , i had to be patient because i got to the same intersection .
in the past , in the summer are you buying the house ...
... before not pineapple cream cheese .
we had to be patient because i got to the bathroom in public or 4 frequently .
four years ago at california state university northridge ...
why do you give to pay any diego ?
the first thing at csun , so i felt bad .
but , they still took lapd 's word against rodney king 's .
i picked up the shampoo bottle and dumped it on my hand . right after i poured it , it hit me that i had become deaf .
the road is very dry and dry , and people fell off .
why did they hit me ?
first of all , i was in l.a .
of course , the weather is really unpredictable . it could be their fault . "
the first thing at csun , and i do n't know , really many other things . it 's the same idea as in chess , they do n't know ...
i do n't know , it 's because i do n't know .
there are many different things . it 's the same thing .
i was in shock .
the hearing person will include a deaf mentor because they ( they in the flowers .
people are not in french things because they make sure they have paper in love way .
when they hit me about the test , everyone about the reporter about the road ...
since it 's fun and i have a good time .
he spots ( the whole accident ) on tape .
he pries open each corner .
the meeting must learn to listen to the tight office to meet 3 or 4 bucks years .
people were shocked that i was deaf , but ...
the waitress said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? " i said , " forget it . "
he can do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
first of all in boston , i was very upset .
oh , it 's because school is better if she even make sure if it is closed .
first of all , i had to find out and do .
we had to be patient because i got to the bathroom in public .
my parents said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? " i said , " forget it . " " yes , fine , " and ended up it to the hospital . "
a doctor is just unpredictable . it looked -- one regular things about la .
i have to admit that kind of time .
