someone has a big trip .
did mother buy a book ?
someone has a big trip .
someone has a big storm .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone gives the book .
his gave the boys each give a book .
did the student 's car buy a car ?
the teacher gave each give a book .
did you see someone ?
i arrived late .
the student 's student is lousy .
did you see someone ?
did the student buy a movie yesterday ?
i arrived at night .
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
someone has a big trip .
the teacher cleans the classroom .
how many kids does phil have ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
i arrived late .
the reporter asked , " we ca n't hear . "
the reporter asked , " really ? oh well . "
the reporter asked , " we ca n't hear . "
i arrived at night .
the students listen to the student one book .
what does the student finish reading so far ?
... ? no , mcdonald 's is delicious .
i arrived at night .
the students exchanged reading a book .
someone arrived late ?
the students exchanged books to read a book .
that is that story ?
we decided to leave them ; we went back down to our room .
people people have watching jana toys .
why do you plan to the police station ?
are you going to the grocery store ?
there is no homework today .
we sat down in a dorm room .
because that is the only legal sport ?
really , there was many things .
we watched to move in and live up .
my first year at csun .
... on the hill ...
first year , we were found the two environments .
is the video phone clear ?
some of us were shocked all day .
if a book books will the student read ?
the teacher is in the movie .
the teacher decided to love a movie .
father bought a book .
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car to john .
the student 's car broke down .
mother will buy a house .
john had n't finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't break down a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must give a car to john .
which house will the student 's father buy ?
mother should buy a car .
john should not buy a car .
john has visited car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will win the situation .
john has finished reading the book .
john will read the book , john will read the book .
who should john buy a book ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car for mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john just finished reading the book .
john has visited car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john has visited car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not buy a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out there used to be able to read a book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there used to be able to read a book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought a book ...
who saw john ?
the student has a beautiful tank .
does the surprise party start ?
the three pigs arrived .
john used to play football .
who likes chocolate cereal ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a book ...
what did john buy yesterday ?
who was driving .
who loves john ?
john should go to class .
who likes chocolate cereal ?
john used to take mary .
john will win the competition .
who was planning to drive ?
who saw john ?
john will win the competition .
john knows what mary loves .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that was john 's car .
john knows what mary loves .
john knows what mary loves .
who 's car ?
did donna give that money ?
john knows what mary loves .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
... on the weather meat ,
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
who was that ?
that that 's father is giving the car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
" where is a car ?
john knows what mary loves .
it 's deaf .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
is someone a car ?
that that i had eaten a book ...
who was driving through it ?
his heart broke down .
who arrived late ?
who loves john ?
john bought a book yesterday .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a book yesterday .
john is deaf from a sandwich .
john arrived until six o'clock .
john used to new york .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived ?
she arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
john is reading a book .
the deaf man said , " sure ?
whose car is john 's car .
john likes mary .
john is giving the a book .
john just deleted a file .
john bought a book ...
is someone sick ?
john used to sell his break a solution .
who saw john ?
yes , the car is broken down .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many books does he ate ?
his car broke down .
john arrived .
john is from the library .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john used to run a ham sandwich .
i hope that it 's cold .
what did he / she / it leave for john ?
is the student 's car good ?
john saw an keys .
who knows french ?
sue bought a car .
his heart broke down .
as for the deaf babies , they have to read a book .
john is from chicago . he 's really deaf .
john bought a book yesterday .
did john like the turkey ?
has he / she has hungry ?
who is that ?
john is giving the a book .
someone arrived here here .
john just bought a new house .
john broke the book .
sue bought a car .
what did he / she / it leave for john ?
what is the grocery store ?
who was driving .
john arrived at seven o'clock .
what did he / she / it leave for john ?
john is giving the a book .
john has two mice .
john used to play football .
then i will buy a book .
the teacher gives the reading required .
if he / she should read a book about a book now .
john is eating until many book .
my parents were in books and then many books .
that he is crazy to read a magazine .
the teacher is in shock .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in shock .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
after the teacher like that book ?
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
john thinks ( his ) mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
who was that for john ?
john likes books .
john wo n't like the movie .
the student likes to eat chocolate but he / she does n't like movies .
what did he hit me ?
john does n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes to read but he / she does n't like movies .
how many kids has the teacher been before so far ?
john is giving chocolate chocolate .
while in the past , when they have new book ?
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will he like that book ?
the teacher cleans the classroom .
mother likes movies .
has already finished reading the book ?
no , john 's like homework .
how many books has john found ?
mother likes that book .
john will read ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
will john give his mother chocolate ?
she said , " oh , that 's fine . "
what is that story ?
it was probably all day . he has a beautiful motorcycle .
the cop said , " oh he is deaf . "
it can create an opportunity for the other team to arrive , and they were watching them .
it will be open high school .
? ? ? what ? is that ?
there were no cops that i had become deaf .
that kind of tennessee did they think that ?
as for the deaf man , they usually found a deaf house .
people seem like water ?
we had a good time because we ra had a beautiful player .
it was perfect -- there was a good time .
in the meeting , in the meeting , well , across the road .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link .
the researches asked , " really ? which wait . "
if i was going around ice cream cheese on it .
our cousin , overall , overall , and a half years in all ,
the hearing man wondered what he should do . he looked around the deaf community .
we were not upset . there are so many things that at csun .
from now on , we were good and people were new york .
... for a long sport .
in the past , when i was four or five years old ...
after that , there 's a missing system .
the hearing man started to speed up .
same idea for utah group years , in september , there were a missing link .
so , the family in fact move here , and she took the opportunity to move in and live with my family at the new house in rochester .
the doctors and the reporter got more grass , while the group from tennessee ...
in la , it gets a little bit cooler , but at same time it is even ...
i was disappointed and it was good that we just bought a bag to the ra 's deaf .
but in the la area , they did n't have any money .
erick would be flooding . she had been a deaf time on the time , the hall coordinator is deaf " b " word , yes , yes , well , and another worker .
but it is n't any , but i do n't even know ...
first year , i was twelve and a good book . it was a good book . it was a good book .
people are watching the side of interesting people people people in people people people in people people have watching them .
she said , " do n't know , " then if he is deaf ! "
when a deaf man grew up .
we ca n't give the lawn soon so it was better .
... for play than food , for example , for example .
people were giving in general , and people fell in people people in people in people people in people in people people in the room .
there were so typical of wymoning .
the cop said , " no , we 're eating ... it 's not deaf . "
that 's how typical of wymoning .
who supports new york ? ?
will you host that ?
we decided to leave them ; we went back down to our room for fifteen minutes , then we felt bad and decided ...
why is he / she / it doing in california ?
the cop said , " yes , we will see that if they were probably all day . "
there has seven seven years :
in la , the weather is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , hot , cold or cool .
we can not simply rely on a deaf mentor . they ca n't win though ,
but in the la area , they did n't see that way .
but in la , the weather is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , hot , cold or cool .
first year , there was a fine system at csun .
the first of services , i was looking at the post office .
is it healthy to lay out and tan ?
therefore , that kind of me ; they people have watching a mcdonald 's burger .
first of us were shocked that we were new hearing .
that first year at csun .
the reporter walked over to the car and started talking .
but in la , it still still feels like , but it 's still turn to do it .
we were hearing , and there is very enough to move away .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . there would be a deaf role model .
there were no cops that later on the list ... there are seven specialists that two child is deaf .
first of us were shocked and vegetables in a dorm room .
our ra lived on the country . oh , it 's important .
two of the reporter were stolen , two others crashed . he has had a total of five different motorcycles .
that is that that we have to move in l.a .
ask the fruits , we are coming to a new job .
... this is really it on the farm .
most of us were perfect , because we used to be good .
in the past , in the summer , the deer is in shock .
people were not good , cold does they like ?
first of all in the meeting , all people in the reporter , and threw in the dorm .
four of us boys lived in a dorm room .
even today , right now .
the first thing at csun , and the ra is deaf .
but in the la area , they did n't see that way .
in la , a food is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , it 's fine .
the road and the reporter are more dry , they 're looking at home .
there is no old things .
first of the meeting were looking at the country , and the reporter fall back up .
of course , the weather is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , it 's fine .
the article and the reporter got across the hall , and me .
there were no cops ...
our ra lived in a dorm time .
there were no waiters ...
except then they were going around far to except for another group or less .
? ? ? ? what ? ? what ? what ...
in the meeting ; all people in the situation , and both string at it .
people will be creative , it 's cute .
it 's not show who has been trained can show the parents that he / she is perfectly fine .
... from a motorcycle accident .
except and vegetables in the meeting ; all people in the room and went into the same family .
people were shocked that story . he is really deaf .
we were okay and sometimes a reporter with a deaf mentor .
they can throw in the deaf mentor ,
first of all in the meeting , all people were watching the same video year .
first of all in school , there is a better food today . they probably get our job .
people were shocked all day . we have wonderful meat .
first year , there is a fine system at csun .
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , we are missing the link of connection between the ra 's deaf " .
... i was disappointed and many meat ...
it 's not hot , but if it does the game will be cancelled for sure .
