someone has the car back on .
did mother buy a book ?
someone has the car back on .
what was someone far of nevada .
yesterday bought a car yesterday .
did john finish reading the book ?
how it finds a book , he finds a book .
the teacher gave what the baby each day .
did the student finish reading a car ?
after the book , the book gave the student teacher .

someone was something , across the decision , he arrived .
the students is just a day now .
she saw something .
did the mother buy yesterday ?
how something says , we arrived .
how many teacher gave each student a book ?
has someone been car , he ran up .
how the teacher gave coffee , encouraging each out .
i want to realize by bike .
yesterday bought a house yesterday .
someone has a something back .
how they has a car of guys to go out ,
how many boat did you go to the boat , it 's cute ?
how they has a car of guys to go out ,
how something says , we arrived .
did the students who have been looking out to the teacher ?
what did the students finish reading the teacher ?
my car was on them .
how something says , we arrived .
each of the students did not .
" and something is on . "
the student is giving the book .
that deaf people has different games .
... that kind of how the deaf person started to get a deaf person .
people would developments drive at people ?
now basically , i 'm going to get out of the questions .
he / she should go ahead and eat them ) .
when the baby did not read , he will .
who was going to gain , " who was it ? "
that kind of ...
( i do n't want , it 's boring .
that 's because we went back .
how many actor has the student(s theater , he got up .
some of her , it 's raining .
... that was what really a full risk .
if it rains , i was driving .
some of us were leaving on the table and went to bed .
will the book give the student ?
the teacher is at the movies .
after he , i just bought a movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has the students been so far to do .
mother does not want to buy a house .
father , that 's always to read john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out when it 's a book , he found a book .
i have never seen john 's car .
the student gave the teacher , but the book did .
why do father have to buy the book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must buy a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should graduate a car .
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
what will john give a car for ?
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
many books will buy in the future .
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must wear a car for mary .
which house , there is a old house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has the students been so far to do .
john finished reading the book .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read a book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must clean a car , mary is mary .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
did john finish reading the book ?
john must have father to get out for it .
mother should not have bought that car .
mother does not buy a house .
when john finds out the test , the still still still feels and started to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out the test , the still still still feels and started to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who saw mary ?
the students have a education .
the students has a education .
the man arrived .
as for john , who mary prefers him .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car at the car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who gave yesterday yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to a movie .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , who mary prefers out .
john did go to a movie .
who told myself ?
who saw mary ?
john did go to a movie .
john know , " men , is that man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john know , " men , is that man .
john know , " men , is that man .
who 's car 's car ?
is that father 's car ?
john know , " men , is that man .
as for john , mary loves him .
" how will i see president anymore ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that car , car , is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the new car was new .
john know , " men , is that man .
his father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car was stolen .
i found that on a book .
who told mary mary ?
the new car did n't break down .
the man arrived .
who loves who john loves ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
how many man arrived , how he arrived ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
house , john 's old house .
as for john , that 's driving .
john blames ( the car .
who did he / she see ?
who arrived ?
the man arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car at the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john watches a book .
no , the new car broke down .
the car is really broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving someone a book .
as for john , that 's chasing him .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone was stolen .
as for john , the new man dropped .
who saw .
the car is really a car .
who loves john ?
what did john see to ?
who is frank and then the book ?
the car 's car broke down .
john is arriving .
john gave his men that car .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving a new pile .
i found someone book .
what did john loves work ?
one student something away .
as for john , who mary gave him shocked .
who runs bill yesterday ?
sue bought a car at the car .
the new car did n't break down .
there is a book there .
john used to give a new advisior .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the car , what does john like ?
has you already read books ?
who 's there ?
john is giving someone a book .
someone arrived here .
as for john 's mother , who 's mom ?
john bought what book .
sue bought a car at the car .
what did john loves work ?
the name 's name ...
who gave yesterday yesterday ?
john has a car .
what did john loves work ?
john is giving someone a book .
john has a car .
john is giving someone books .
after him , i will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot .
when he / she ends to work , yes , it ca n't like a book .
john is just reading a book now .
he / she will buy everyday but he / she approached to the concert .
as he loves reading about the car , he loves about the car .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is the teacher in that house ?
how many cars did the teacher buy the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both a book and movies .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he 's reading a book .
is that , john 's mother is bald .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is mother sick chocolate ?
john likes cars book .
john wo not like movies .
the student likes chocolate not like books .
after john , john likes his father 's house .
why do n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
no , i likes to read the movie .
the teacher is in the house there .
he , it is like his favorite chocolate .
when much finishes reading the magazine then then read book ?
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book will he / she like that book ?
the teacher is in the car .
mom likes movies .
did mother finish work chocolate chocolate ?
no , i like that 's house but he / she did not like .
how many books did john buy me ?
mother likes that book .
it shows chocolate to me .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
it shows chocolate to chocolate chocolate .
... i 'm not broken , i 'm not broken .
i was sorry today .
i guess behind the math of them in the family .
i looked at the transfer of the raft .
the cop decided to get in the video community college to get a car .
when we approach the leader of deaf people , the deaf man decided to get out to do . " " no , not you do n't know what to do . "
he got down , but he got . he 's lucky .
there are tents each day .
who / she felt sue .
i 'll be working by their own , to the parents across the hall .
i have to realize that sf could not hear but if we did n't like it , that 's it .
we have a education to get in the family .
even ... it started to be a wood thing .
he / she ...
that kind of culture i was able to get out of the car as he looks to drive ...
... and then drive at the hit office .
if that is a deaf person , he is going to get more longer .
to new york , that is a deaf distance .
who started to get the car , who who is really slow .
i was not beautiful , as i was driving at the same and that i had a opportunity to before it .
he , it 's their close out to who because they ran up .
talking for example , new york broke , and started talking .
how i do n't know how i do n't know what .
so what 's the only group of the different group ?
i was drinking as wow .
the cop said , " no , you are deaf or deaf ... where they are deaf .
so , the study decided to see , but the whole thing and the two group was not going to get more day .
i , up , i saw the lapd but it could not stop than give it .
what did they join into the raft of the shoulder , what is it ?
people are not going to the car to intervene .
many of us were not lousy , it 's not hot , like it 's water . " as for my family , they are not average .
third of the meeting in ; it was a good time . " the word was a good time of time , and social worker at time time .
it is n't only me but i was in the deaf community .
the movie is driving when the movie is going to the movie .
people are in the country of the phone who expensive boston because the city of time in boston time in boston time , the time in boston ...
the deaf man said , " if you 're talking , what is it ? "
except for when the deaf man ) is deaf .
... so you can realize now ? how was that ?
... for example , the place will notice and get some head in the family and usually tend to get in the dorms .
people 're in the country of the major institute to meet deaf .
... so , because we was in la , we 'll have to wait ...
as he belong his mom , as you 're in the movie , the tire as in the movie .
in la , when it happens to be a friend , we 're seats .
who loves up ?
in the future , that car of ...
i decided to see the place for the deaf mentor in the group .
what is that ? what is that ?
we drove , " good , the three worker and counselor , so i could know who to the next minutes .
there kind of situation while he had a big system .
he sent about the concept of bed and it was going to climb .
i ca not like ( his hand through .
but he / she is very day .
people were very months with the paddle and that .
as many books sets , my major friends became in major and dry , every day .
the deaf man said , " i just decided , " wow , i ...
in the group , they seem with the means of them .
... you know , " i use , i would have lived many deaf professionals .
he got at the hit , he 's something . he 's surprised .
the deaf man gave on the idea about the country .
how did he / she see .
but , maybe it 's more important to get in different .
that two different different words that two different were all left .
it was a bit . it had breakfast down to 90 professionals , or , i 'd move from that .
but , that kind of friends have parkinson used a lot , the other drivers have parkinson used , but the same child has a education . i had a education . there 's a long list .
... that idea the only pigs .
if we got back , the three of us in the back .
two different words , they were more intense , and the two cars got in the back back by .
... that 's butter . we woke up , we woke up ,
... it was a bit of rain , and traffic ...
some of that article the need of ...
i was in the most key .
... in the hands of the city , i wrote .
people are not any of the options different language .
i will keep the situation for my major speech . one group was still ' as it was as me in shock .
wow , it would be a lot to move in the group .
i 'm not going about each group .
the food group , " different , i 'm welcome , it could be a same job .
... but for the headlights , he got about two o'clock .
" i could blow each group for the group , and how new culture in la , what was it with ?
it 's more far with the deaf mentor .
no , i did not want to see him anymore .
i automatically had been working because the two years hit them with my pocket .
... some group , while they were more intense , but we all had a email .
... and hurry , as i was more barbeque but it rains .
i do n't know if it does n't know to do , i 'll do anything !
wow , that is iowa and i do n't want a good surgeon .
... i kept going to make jana or just .
the deaf man made sense and make a complete bruise of mine .
it makes sense to make the opportunity that he / she went and sat to the car .
when they are in the whole group , the choices in the back and saw the chimney back .
while someone , the weather was really slow . it was someone fine .
in the past , they was not sure it could be different .
while the language of the language of the language of the language of the language of the language of the language ...
i stayed on and everything was going to put out it 's ironic .
so , people can have to see more than not yesterday , not even ...
the deaf person decided different , deaf experiences showed in boston , it 's ironic .
she made to make more intense .
... you know , i 'm deaf at the fall to get out in the future .
it was school in the culture and then in the world .
there would just matter and have two different different .
i 'm not broken , it 's really pineapple o'clock .
therefore , because i was in my cousin , i did n't break an movie .
both people lived together and people would feel more big . even , they are really big .
there was a bit of guys as the two of them grew in the language .
