i was rowing and walked back .
did mother buy a book ?
i was rowing and walked back .
i was rowing and slammed the boat .
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
the teacher gave a book back on the student .
did the student buy buy a car ?
it rains that happened the student gave the student .
should
i arrived .
the students exchanged now .

book , mother bought yesterday .
i arrived .
has the teacher given the book ?
i was rowing and walked to bed .
the teacher book each day .
i want to have one dollar .
the teacher bought a house .
it arrived .
i was rowing and walked to bed .
i was in the boat .
i was rowing and walked to bed .
i arrived .
the student 's pigs contributed the student .
which book of all the students did the teacher have ?
i was sleeping and walked to bed .
i arrived .
is the student 's book ?
someone gave ( something ) .
the student is a student book .
that deaf people have different professionals .
in the end of snow , that man deaf " just hearing .
people are doing action .
that is different cream , that is different .
then he was going ahead and went into the store .
is it raining outside ?
who was he that just ?
that was ( the show ) .
one year who is riding .
that 's not raining ...
the clothes are going back to eat .
there was one thing of the lid .
i was holding the motorcycle , which was it ?
dana was sitting .
they were talking into i-40 .
the book is gave the student a week .
the teacher is in the movies .
did he / she / it buy a book ?
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has / many books ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out there is john 's father finished reading the book .
maybe i 've never seen john 's car .
which many cars did the student buy ? which did he / she / him give the teacher ?
why did father have to buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must buy mary 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should disconnect the car .
john has never seen me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mom bought a car .
john will give his father that car .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john must buy car , ( mary , mary 's father .
which house did the student buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / many books ?
did john finish reading the book ?
john has never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john has never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john must have to send the car , mary or mary .
that book john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
... you know , it has 's father 's car .
mother should not have bought it a car .
mother does not buy a house .
when john finds out a test , my car would read it to the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out a test , my car would read it to the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought yesterday .
who did john see mary ?
the student has a teacher .
someone has a teacher .
there arrived .
john gave ( his ) whose mary .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car and gave it to a honor .
john bought yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who is going to see yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to work .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , who is that mary ?
john will go to ( ( her ) .
who turns mary and ?
who did john see mary ?
john will go to ( ( her ) .
john knows he is a man .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john knows he is a man .
john knows he is a man .
which house is that ?
is that father 's car ?
john knows he is a man .
mary loves ( he / her ) .
people are singing , but people mingling .
as for john , mary loves him .
how much over there ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
as for john , mary prefers to love .
his car is car .
john knows he is a man .
his car 's car .
john loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
his car is stolen .
i found a lot of that book .
who is going to see mary ?
the car is broken .
one woman arrived in .
who john loves ?
john bought what a book .
i arrived .
sue bought a car and gave it to sue .
john bought what a book .
john is a old house to yesterday .
john 's brother arrived .
john is giving the girls .
who is john going to see ?
who arrived ?
... is really hearing in
who arrived ?
sue bought a car and gave it to a honor .
as for john , mary loves him .
john was reading a book .
his car is broken .
is the car passed and sue ?
john likes mary .
john is giving his child a book .
john is giving the collided .
john bought yesterday .
is someone healthy up ?
john has been giving him to the man .
who did john see ?
is that car ? sue , a car ) is corn .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
which much is the same book ?
the car did n't break down .
john is sleeping .
john is giving his men to go away .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving his men to go away .
i found something a book .
what did he / john / it love off ?
one student goes the teacher .
john did have seen an umbrella , it rains .
who did mary see yesterday ?
sue bought a car and gave it to a honor .
the car is broken .
it has books .
john is giving his men to feed new york .
john bought what a book .
what does john like ?
he / she has books .
who prefers two cops ?
john is giving his child a book .
someone arrived in .
john 's mother arrived in night .
john bought what book .
sue bought a car and gave it to a honor .
what did he / john / it love off ?
is the name of name named ?
who is going to see yesterday ?
john has a car .
what did he / john / it love off ?
john is giving his child a book .
john has a car .
john is giving his child a book .
they will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot book .
he ca n't finish reading the book . he finished his eye .
john is reading a book .
a deaf book was reading a book .
i love reading about my friend .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did the car buy ( the teacher ) ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes neither books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
is mother 's mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother did n't like chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but not like chocolate .
that 's john like that father 's car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
no , the teacher likes to read but likes movies .
the teacher has been in the house .
john is not very angry .
after i finished the magazine , the box will read a book .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
it will like that book , like you like a book .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already bought ( john chocolate ?
if father likes john 's car likes john 's car .
how many books john 's father 's ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate to the beach .
when the teacher finished reading the magazine , he will read the book .
john will give chocolate to the mother .
he looked at the deaf , but i got up but i got him heard .
what did that news ?
he would go up and build the side of his hand .
he looked at the motorcycle and said , " so he is sorry !
we could not simply move and we decided to sit together . "
so when la was done we the deaf man would n't know what to do . they do n't know what to do . they do n't know what to do .
who was he that just hearing ? oh , he will have to find out but .
he stays across the country , separated him , beating him close , and put her to the bathroom .
car felt what , who also talks . he has been under him .
his wife was his wife 's car could really hear it from the record .
people were uneasy , but i ca n't hear him .
which does we have an emergency idea ?
it was one eleven nice to the handle of the hearing person .
the hearing person said , " no , i 'm deaf .
in the past , when i was driving to get up that i had to get an movie to that game .
who was going to get that car ?
if that is a deaf thing , he is deaf , but it was too boring .
... that hit deaf cop that they had a deaf mentor .
who was the car who speed yesterday ? he was n't sure .
the study was surprised . no , it 's not worth , like not like like the same person .
he from his event in the reporter 's body .
... for example , i 'm going to new york .
how one of i was surprised that i do n't know .
so , jack , it 's different cream cheese .
i was born and thought , " wow ? "
when that 's raining , i 've deaf people that are deaf professionals .
a donut person thought " as i was really lucky , it was gross information .
the box said , " you know , what if it was eleven ... i ca n't know it , but i could n't know what to inform it .
what was the name of friends as i felt ?
the lot of snow did from the public , he can at the room of the coffin , plus people , plus people .
a lot of friends were not nothing , their wife was not nothing as not the same name for john .
the hearing boss said , " you are lucky , you waved and had a good surgeon , " i said , " oh , no . "
but did n't you care as i was driving in the system .
when they brought me the movie , when you arrive to get humor the movie , they have to get the rope of the movie as they .
who did they use the phone ? often -- the hit of the door looks like the hall a hall on the hall .
a deaf person was getting talking and he got it .
except for a deaf mentor , he was deaf .
so near the rain of the whole group of how people was going .
one of the same , some places down and had the student(s a place , and i tend to wear up .
... that kind of situation often would have parkinson experiences to meet deaf , deaf people .
... so that , the waitress is simple .
" it does n't rain and embraces me in the fireplace .
that happens to sue in the email .
who was it ?
in the future , when the teacher is shocked , he will mind up and start punching .
the donut see said , " tomorrow ! cut it for a word , a couple of bread costs for a word .
what does he / she / it want to be a clear ?
a thought was was good . the hearing service was good . they want to come around some hours , sunny people can know ...
when have you finished , you know , he had a system system .
he sent a bunch about the party and went back at the campground .
it was even even their wife with my ra .
he was very lucky . the hearing person said , " wow , he is coming up .
a deaf experience was a deaf mentor of cohesiveness back with her shoulder and their rain .
the boss was leaving more fast at the major distance . he was a lot of fun and it was sort of a lot of effort wow .
i thought , " what 's going out ? " i went around and met what was going on .
they were lying with the deaf experiences .
he sent something and use that i was deaf , so i got many people / people .
... ) ... at that end .
... on the headlights group how human languages likes .
what did he / she see ?
... but , it 's important to seem like a few distance .
what would they different to be ?
that idea , " so you know , mike daisy , who had parkinson or 4 mph .
but , the tire has parkinson been involved , i do n't use two bags for different addicts . one thing has parkinson using two bags !
the cop started to get up to the car and said , " that idea ? "
he sent the cover to the plane and express him one of the ways .
there were a little more different , because the choices were going to get up . it 's all for a long story , how it was .
often 're playing in front of me and they perform .
... i did n't know , it is an accident .
he gave a bunch of pots in the back of
i was holding , i was driving in the deaf community to give it to the hit of the parents .
she wrote in boston .
people are , “ are not going to do different languages .
i looked at one group because i was growing up one ... i was still fascinated .
it was a lot of real eleven from that water .
they are , if they are , they both screamed about asl .
he pries different , different , it was like like the same man .
but ... he was trying to head , at two o'clock ! "
he was very lucky that my ra was great up .
... and more up how deaf people in would show people in the back of the next .
what is that ? no , it 's not what .
she had no car : his wife was cut up with the record when the word was .
there were tents , but all people have picked up , but all the way back up .
i was , , really , it 's more humid but i got on a rubber corner .
really , the baby 's car , i do n't know .
during this , i used to admit , i used to wear attention .
the coffin came with the raft .
he made a bunch of making the hall , and make the chimney of his birth . "
who make a bunch that i to go to the bathroom and build the chimney coming in the back .
in the group of the group , the whole shining would have broken up .
or , the baby will be closed , so we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we thought it was something . we
they did n't know about people .
he took a bunch of effort riding on the language .
the attacker walks about my friend and said , " we were lucky . he puts himself .
the deaf man said , " really ? you can take an eye . "
the deaf person decided to move different , deaf , residence , we were really tempted to .
he could make a donut , either , he ran different to gamble .
... i had a public from boston . the parents would learn and learn .
especially , today in the class of six and a half study .
they discuss two different cities from the raft .
it was empty , but during night , it was really late .
... because at all , a couple of steam rose down , etc , 90 mph , etc .
the deaf life continued a deaf group of situation " really , people were really lucky . it was a big list , it was really enough .
so i fell off the language .
