...and the cop found the situation funny--we were lucky.  We were relieved. 
A cop pointed his finger to us and said, "Don't ever do that again because I drove here all the way from LA for that."
Erick said yes, we will have to wait for the cop to arrive.
"Alright, fine," we said.  We waited for a while.  The cop arrived...
Back then, there was a fine system at CSUN in case you caused trouble.
I was relief and it was good that we got regular and open-minded cop.
Erick was supposed to fine us.
I went and explained the situation.  The hall coordinator was not friendly.
I had go to see his superior, the hall coordinator.
Actually, we had to do one thing as punishment.
He decided to waive the fine because he thought it was funny.
I took the rope off the handle and peeked in the door.
"Hi, I  was just teasing you," I said.
Erick said, "I was worried, you know, what if I had an emergency?"
I wouldn't be able to get out, wouldn't be able to get to another building...
He asked, "Why did you do that?" I didn't have an answer, and I felt bad.
He said, "You know, I called a cop.  He's coming now."
I looked at him and asked, "Really? You called a cop on us?"
I didn't know it was you guys, I thought it was someone else messing with me.
Really, we were trouble makers.
Four of us boys lived in a dorm room.
My first year at CSUN.
Seven years ago.
Really, I had a good time because my RA was my fraternity brother.
I couldn't get out of here if I had an emergency at another building, so I had no choice.
Really, I know, I am sure those who have lived in a dorm, you hate the RAs.  But anyway...
we would cause problems for our RA, Residence Counselor, you know, the one who checks up on the dorms.
I looked at him and asked if we really had to wait for the cop to arrive.
I tended to sneak in and cause problems for another residents.
I called the cop to come and cut the rope.
One night, three of us went upstairs--We lived on second floor,
It happened one night, that we didn't care and decided to tease him.
We, roommates seven years ago, laughed and had a good time.
I rang the doorbell, and the RA started struggling to get the door open.  I rang the doorbell across the hall, and they pulled back and forth!
Neither one could get out!  I was laughing hard 
I had the rope tied across the hall.  I rang the RA's doorbell.
My RA was named Erick.
It was perfect--there was a good distance between the doors.
I tied the rope to the RA's door handle and to the handle of the door across the hall.
We had rope with us when we went up.
So you know, there were two doors--his, and another door right across the hall from his door.
...to go up to the third floor.  I rang the RA's doorbell
We decided to leave them; we went back down to our room for fifteen minutes, then we felt bad and decided...
They have huge grass area littered with cigarette butts that people threw on the grass.
I had to go out and clean up the grass.
We sat down and I explained to the hall coordinator.  I was hoping she would find some humor in the situation.
So, she punished us.
We sat down, and she said that she was giving us disciplinary action.
I hoped but really, the hall coordinator is big "B" word--I don't want to say it here.
Our RA lived on third floor.
We gave the bag to the Hall Coordinator.
I gave her the bag and asked, "Are you happy now?"  She said, "Don't do it again"
From then on, we were good and stayed out of trouble at CSUN.
It was probably from us anyway so we went.  We picked them up and threw them in a bag.
The cop walked over and started talking.
There is an old story passed down through generations of Deaf people
The hearing person said, "go ahead sleep" as he drove.
The deaf person said, "sure thing" and drove away.
The cop thought to himself, "whatever", and told the men, "go ahead".
"He got excused two times!", the hearing person thought.
The Deaf person gestured he couldn't hear.
The cop put on his siren. When he did, the hearing man looked and pointed back.
A cop walked over to the car and started talking.
The siren flashed and the two cars pulled over.
The hearing man looked at him shocked.
The hearing person looked and thought, "wow, he is lucky!".
The hearing person thought, "I can copy and act like the deaf person".
It was long drive and the Deaf person was tired.
They communicated fine through gesture and chatted a bit as they drove.
The hearing person thought "wow, he got excused!".
The cop walked over to the car and started talking.
The hearing man wondered whether  deaf people can drive.
The deaf man said, with confidence, "it's ok" and then the two cars pulled over.
Another cop pulled them over.
As he drove, he saw a person hitchhiking.
Sure enough, a cop began following the car.
The deaf person continued driving and started to speed again.
Sure enough, a police car pulled up behind them.
As the deaf man drove, he started to speed up.
A Deaf man was driving alone.
The man pulled over.
The deaf person tapped the hearing person's shoulder and asked if he would mind switching.
He thought to himself "why don't I have him join me to chat and keep me company or something."
The car started to speed up to 90.  The hearing person looked at the meter and thought "wow!".
The cop said, "Oh I see! My parents are Deaf".
Hearing person said, "Ok, thats fine." They switched seats.
He drove for a long time.
The hearing man started to get nervous and kept looking at the speedometer.
The hearing man got into the car, the Deaf man began driving.
He was hearing, the person who's hitchhiking.  The Deaf person looked over...
The hearing person decided to go ahead and speed up.
The deaf man asked the hearing man "where are you going?" The hearing man tried to use gesture to explain.
The hearing person gestured that he couldn't hear.
The hearing person was excited. He ran over to the car and started talking.
As he drove across the country,  he started to feel bored while driving.
The deaf person said, "You seem fine, I am going to sleep."
The cop thought, "nah" and said, "go ahead."
"I am a fluent signer," the cop said, and started signing.
The deaf man turned to the cop and gestured that he couldn't hear.
The hearing man was shocked the cop could sign and he knew that he had been caught!
The hearing person didn't care and got into the car.
The cop said, "Oh you can't hear?". Then he thought, "how can I communicate with him?".  
The Deaf man indicated he couldn't hear.
Some boat sank off Cape Cod (I think).
Mother already bought a book yesterday.
Some boat sank off Cape Cod (I think).
Some boat sank (I think).
The student bought a car yesterday.
John finished reading the book.
Did someone find a book?
The teacher gave a book to all the students.
Did the student already buy a car yesterday?
It's a book the teacher gave the student.
Do you see anyone?
Some strange thing/person arrived.
As for the students and (their) books, they are exchanging them now.
Did you see something/one?
As for the book,  mother bought it yesterday; that's done.
Some strange thing/person arrived.
Has the teacher already given books to the students?
Some boat sank near Cape Cod (I think).
The teacher gave out the BOOKS.
Do you want tea or coffee?
Did the teacher already buy a house yesterday?
Some strange thing/person arrived.
Some (kind of) boat sank near Cape Cod.
Some (kind of) boat sank off Cape Cod. 
Some (kind of) boat sank near Cape Cod.
Some strange thing/person arrived.
The students gave their books to the teacher.
Which book has the student given to the teacher?
Some boat sank off Cape Cod (I think).
Some strange thing/person arrived.
As for the students, they gave a book to the teacher.
Some strange thing/person arrived.
The students gave a book to the teacher.
Some boat sank off Cape Cod.
Who did John see yesterday?
Who saw Joan?
Who did John see yesterday?
Who does John love?
Who does John love?
How did Mary arrive?
What did John buy yesterday?
Who did John see yesterday?
What does John love?
I never saw John's car.
Why did mother buy a car?
Who found a/the book?
John doesn't know the answer. 
Did you see something/one??
What did mother buy a car for?
 Who did John see yesterday?
According to him/her the party starts at seven o'clock.
Of course John doesn't know the answer!
Who did John see yesterday?
Who saw Joan?
A boat or something sank (off) Cape Cod.
What did John buy yesterday?
Who did John see yesterday?
According to John, it's going to rain tomorrow. 
Who did John see yesterday?
Who did John see yesterday?
Did anyone see Joan?
According to John, it's going to rain tomorrow. 
Maybe the teacher will like the movie.
Who arrived?
Of course John doesn't know the answer!
Who found a/the book?
According to him/her the party starts at seven o'clock.
It seems that the teacher likes the movie.
According to John, it's going to rain tomorrow.
I think John is sick but I don't know for sure.
I saw the deer but it was too late.
I remember a while ago, I was driving...
I went ahead and got back on 80.
The deer looked at me and then moved on to cross the road.
...a big pile of grass that looked delicious!
I pulled the car onto route 80.
The deer saw, across the road...
The car swerved off the road.
The headlights got closer and closer to the deer.
It happened that, far down the road...
...there was a deer.
I caught my breath.  It had been a close call. 
Seeing that, the deer decided to walk across the road.
I swerved and slammed on the brakes; the headlights shone right in the deer's face.
My car was in the middle of the road, angled perpendicular to the road.  I didn't know which direction I had been going!
The deer was in shock and scared.
I was driving through beautiful hills.
I drove up the hill with my headlights on.
I wasn't sure which way to go.
I thought "why don't I just drive on". 
...over a hill...
The flat road was boring but at least it was safe!
As I drove, the deer turned and looked at me.
I was driving for a long time.
My heart was beating really fast.
I noticed some animal crossing the road.
I was enjoying the drive.
Occasionally, I would pass a house or two.
I was driving across the U.S.
As I was driving I thought "why don't I turn off the road."
I was trying to gain control of the car as it swerved.
As I was driving, I was really bored. So I started thinking about what I could do.
With the headlights on, I kept driving. 
I drove really slowly.
The car spun.
I swerved hard, right before I was about to hit the deer.
It started to get dark, so I turned on the headlights. 
I turned off the road at the exit.
The road was very dry and plain.
My heart was pounding.
I drove the car along the road.
I decided to head down one of the ways.
I was driving through the country.
(I was) on Interstate 80, the one that goes straight across the country. 
As I held the wheel, I thought to myself "wow". Then I looked back at the road.
The deer was frozen in shock.
I saw a sign up ahead.
The deer was eating grass.
It was for route 80.  I saw it.
I looked and saw an exit ahead.
The deer stopped eating grass and looked up.
I drove along the curvy two-lane highway.
In LA, the service is awful; some people can't speak English.
Here (in Boston), they have good service, well not 100 percent of time but you tend to get good service---they make sure you're comfortable. 
Its same kind of situation in food markets, restaurants, banks, and many different places.
People go too far:  they use umbrellas, wear rain coats, and put boots and pants on.
Even if it is just barely raining--like a few drops.  I remember one day... 
While in LA, its better and perfect because of no rain.
Well, it rains once a while.  The funny thing about when it rains in LA...
I noticed many people were looking at me like I was a complete idiot.  Really, I didn't know what the big deal was.
I would go to class on my rollerblades, in shorts and a tank top, you know, like a basketball jersey. 
There was a bit of rain as I rollerbladed. 
... LA would flood for sure.
There would be flooding.  If a whole year's worth of Boston's rain were given to LA,...
Oh well.  Wow--one negative thing about LA is that in LA, they didn't have any sewer systems.
I thought the weather was nice, a little rainy but it was nothing.  People were wearing long sleeves!
I think its probably because LA is big so they didnt really care about community as much as Bostonians do.
I would write something down but they still wouldn't understand me.  That's how bad the service is in LA!
People were not very outgoing, friendly, welcoming in the community.
I decided to check the price.  I see the price tag: 350 dollars.  Really, 350 dollars for a shirt?!
In one store, I was looking at this really nice silk shirt.
Still, wow, it is very expensive in LA.
I would say the most expensive shirt here in Boston is up to maybe 100, 150 dollars.  I wouldn't know--I don't buy expensive shirts, but hey.
But here in Boston, the weather is really unpredictable.  It could be rainy, hot, cold or cool.
There are many various things (in Boston weather), but one thing I notice about LA...
...and here in Boston is that the fall, in September, seems about the same.
I would notice once when the leaves change color, and some start to fall off and grass is really green.  
It is perfect, but during the fall in LA, it still looks like summer.  It is still very hot.
The grass is a little bit brownish because of too much sun, and there is not enough rain to feed the flowers and plants.
In December in Boston, of course it snows, gets colder and the leaves fall off the trees, leaving them "naked." 
In LA, it gets a little bit cooler,  but at same time it is still hot.
There are many things to compare.  For example, Boston's food is delicious and better (than LA).
I went to LA after finishing high school.  I went to college at CSUN, Calfornia State University at Northridge. I went in '96.
I was born and raised in Boston.
I am going to compare two different cities, Boston and Los Angeles. 
The farm system in California is more outside because it is too hot to have it inside.
To most Bostonians who are in LA it still feels hot, 70 to 75 degrees.
Third, the fruits and vegetables in California taste fresher, since they grow in California.
... is not great.  However, maybe they have better dairy products. I don't know.
I have to admit that during spring time in Boston, it rains a lot.
First of all, I think nothing compares with Boston seafood. Second, the meat here is fresh and more flavorful.  California meat...
The sun still shines warmly, but during night time, it gets a little cooler.
Same idea for food shopping: in LA, a loaf of bread costs 3 or 4 bucks while here in Boston it's only $1.50 to two dollars and it is even a bigger loaf than in LA.
Really, I'm not just talking about just economic differences, but rather cultural differences as well.
So, let's see, what else is on the list...I have to admit that Mexican food in LA is better.
Bostonians seem more friendly in general.
Outside it's still hot and dry, but it's still easier to grow crops in the L.A. area.
For example: here, when I'm driving, and two cars come up to the same intersection,
I would wave the other person on, he would say "Thanks!" and wave back.
But in LA, would they do that? No--they don't care and just drive right through.
A few times while I was in LA, I waved people on.  I thought they would say thanks back, but the other drivers just ignored me and zipped across.  I said, "Oh, you're welcome, too. Oh well," and drove on. 
Still, I hope that Boston could give LA a good example of cohesiveness
You have to make a name for yourself before you join the "elite" clubs.
But in the LA area or north, well really mostly in LA area, there are many smaller cliques.
People make sure to keep in touch. Even if you dislike someone, we say "ah, forget it" and welcome him because we would feel bad otherwise.
Of course, Boston has four different seasons.
Wow, there is a really big difference socially--in Boston Deaf culture, everyone mixes together as if we were from the same family.
Well, that is what I learned in L.A.
Other than food, I can compare the two environments.
...or anywhere else. The state is very strict about chemicals. They want to make sure everything runs smoothly.
I have never heard of that kind of situation here in Boston.
The same policy goes for sheep. On Interstate 5 at one of the stops....
They will stop and make sure no one brings in any fruits or vegetables from Mexico.
There isn't any Mexican food in the Boston area.  It's not bad, but I don't really care for Mexican food anyway. If you like Mexican food though you should take advantage of it in L.A. where it's delicious.
There are very strict policies on fruit, and vegetables in California.
In LA, the weather tends to be "flat"--75 or 80 degrees, sunny and dry, every day.
While in LA, they only have one or two seasons.  
I don't buy it.  Oh, and LA is very fancy and high-class.
Like for an example, when I went to Beverly Hills...
But in the LA area, they didn't see that way.
They say, "If you are my kind, come with me; If you're not--get outta here."  They pick and choose.
No matter who we are, it is important to have diversity in the group.
It's the same thing with Siberian tigers--their stripes vary.  It's the same idea here in Boston.
In Northridge, it tends to be ten to fifteen degrees hotter than LA.
The sun is more intense here, while in LA it's dry, but it's 100 to 110 degrees.
Here (in Boston) it could rain every day and people would still live through it without a problem. 
Why? Because they have a better sewer system in Boston to drain water.
Another thing: in the summer, it's very humid here.
But of course, it doesn't rain everyday in Boston.  We have wonderful weather here.
Of course, it's because L.A. is near the Mexican border. 
Really, it's a big difference from here.
If it's 80 degrees here in Boston, it can feel really hot.  But in LA, 80 degrees feels like nothing.
In LA, the sun is farther away.  Here, the sun feels closer, more intense, because the seasons change.  That's all for that...
...other than weather, we can also talk about Boston culture and LA culture.
If you see on weather channel, you will notice that if its 85 degrees in LA, that means 100 degrees in Northridge.
The teacher is at the movies. 
After the movie ends, the teacher will buy a book to give to the student to read.
"I don't want you to run to the fans and cheer.
"I want you to come back and sit down where you belong.
"I don't want to see you dance,
"I don't want to see you scream
Reading the book, that kind of...
"...and wait until it's your turn to play again."
What motivating words Vince Lombardi used!  
Personally, I think I'm a better coach than a player...
So I decided to play high school football.  
I just thought it was eleven guys hitting another eleven guys. 
I never realized that football could have that much emotion involved.  
They didn't care about money: back in the 50s and 60s, football...
...really, football players now make millions of dollars.  
Before, they used to play for food, or for, I don't even know...
It was the same as any regular life--later they would work at the Post Office, or, I don't know...
...so that, Vince Lombardi--I remember his special speech...  
...before facing the Oakland Raiders in the first Super Bowl.  
He came in and told his men: 
"I don't want to see any End Zone...
It's eleven on eleven; players on the two teams match up in the competition.
It is really inspiring.  It involves many things:
...is my favorite sport.  
Really, football...
There are many different options: they can pass to the wide receiver, 
"...celebrations when you score a touchdown.
...the quarterback, who has the running back behind him.  
The offense picks a bunch of guys who weigh 300, 350 pounds to block...
"I want to see you put the ball down on the ground...
One team has the offensive line...
"I want to see, once you're in that end zone, 
they can throw to the Tight End, maybe, or, I don't know...
or they can hand off to the running back, 
Vince Lombardi, before his men walked onto the field, 
...or, I don't know, really many other things.  It's the same idea as in chess: it's a thinking game
It could be, I don't know, a quarterback sack, 
...it can create a fumble,  
I really was engrossed by football.  He, ...
It can create an opportunity for the other team to win, 
...I didn't know much about football untill my mom gave me that book.
I remember I was young.  It was my first book I read...
My mother bought me a book written by Vince Lombardi.  
Really, up until then, as I was growing up, I...
...I mean, unless you use your helmet to hit someone, but...
Really, I've been thinking it reminds me of who really made me get interested in football.  
Really, I find that to be a very amazing challenge. 
Especially when football is the only legal sport where you can hit someone that hard and not get fined for it.  
He made sure his players would "give it all. "
...Vince Lombardi, was REALLY a winner.
...he told his men, "Hey, remember: winning isn't everything--
it's the only thing.  
He said, "Men, we must march into that end zone...
...this is really my favorite quote.  Before that Super Bowl game,
I enjoy the hits--I enjoy the pain sometimes, I admit, but, uh...
...but at the same time I love to play.  
Really, Vince Lombardi told his men...
...not all the time.  Like my hand, haha--no, not like that. 
...they can get creative, mix it up.  Really, after a thousand plays, you can be creative during the game. 
"Then hit, and hit, and hit!"
I know, it seems like three simple words, "hit and hit and hit," 
but when a hit is made in football, 
...it can create many things.  
"...and then come back and wait until it's your turn," just like I said before
The deaf community has a wide variety of performance genres, ...
...involves both Deaf and hearing characters.
... people, and action.
Now, let's watch some dramas that are somewhat different.
Now, here she is!
They involve many characters, ...
...written by Rico Peterson,...
So, she will perform an excerpt from that (Rico's) play.
One of these pieces, called "Seeing Place", ...
...a monologue.
... a long-time actress, has been in numerous dramatic works.
She'll select one section...
...everything from short skits to full length plays.
Freda Norman, ...
...that's actually a stage presentation which is...
If it rains, I will go ahead and go to the movies.
When do you go to class?
If it rains, I will go ahead to the movies.
It should be fun. I hope to arrive in about 3 or 4 days.
um.. What states? Tennessee... New Mexico.
I'm looking forward to graduating next year.
The old man arrived.
Why did you go get more ice?
If it doesn't rain, I won't go to the movies.
Tomorrow I have some things to do.
Today after work I have some errands to do.
I think I have one more math class, and that's all.
If it doesn't rain, I won't go to the movies.
John know who Mary loves.
What are you going out to eat for?
Why did you go to class?
When did he/she/it leave for California?
The old man arrived.
The old man arrived.
Then I will be done with school.
When do you want to go out to eat?
Why (did you) go to the store?
Why are you going to California?
If it rains, I will go to the movies.
If it rains, I will go to the  movies.
The old man arrived.
I would drive across.
When did he/she drive off?
The old man arrived.
If it rains, I will go to the movies.
If it doesn't rain, I will go to the movies.
When will you do that?
Why do you have an iMac now?
Next semester I'll take three classes.
As for John's friend, he arrived.
John will not visit his mother.
You like ice cream? What's your favorite (flavor)?
Why did he/she/it go out to eat?
Has someone seen Joan?
When will he/she/it go get ice cream?
Has someone seen Joan?
He/She/It shot Frank.
Why did he/she/it go out to eat?
Where are you going?
When do you want to go out to eat?
John arrived.
Why do you eat at McDonald's?
No, that's wrong.. what is it?
Has someone seen Joan?
Yesterday I was busy with things to do.
Mary knows who someone loves.
This morning I had to load my things into my car.
Why did you go to the police station?
 There will be a baseball strike this Friday??  What??
When are you going to the grocery store?
My car was full, so I got in and drove straight through.
That's because my goal is to arrive at I-40.
John will eat now.
Why does he/she/it like tuna fish?
The old man arrived.
Mary knows who loves someone.
What did John buy yesterday?
Who arrived?
When did you take off?
When will (you) see grandmother?
If it doesn't rain, I will not go to a movie.
Like Tennessee, and um...
Who arrived?
Why did you go to California?
Mary knows which girl John loves.
If it hadn't rained, I wouldn't have gone to the movies.
What are you doing tomorrow?
When will it rain?
Maybe I can just take a few - say four - classes.
John knows what Mary prefers.
Now I have seven classes left until I graduate.
Um, what's after Tennessee?
What does he/she/it want to go out to eat for?
Why did you go to California?
John's friend arrived.
Who does someone love?
Where did John go?
Then i would be going through different states.
Mary knows who John loves.
Why did he/she/it grow up on a farm?
Why did he/she/it go out to eat?
The classes are in my major, Deaf Studies.
Mary knows which girl John loves.
John's friend arrived.
I know who John loves.
What did he/she/it buy yesterday at the store?
Who loves someone?
If it rains, I will go to a movie.
Saturday morning, I got up around maybe 3 or 4 in the morning...
I've never seen John's car.
Mary knows which girl John loves.
When did he/she/it leave for California?
What did John buy yesterday?
If it rains, I will go to the movies.
John's friend arrived.
Why is today his/her last day?
What is he/she/it going to the store for?
The old man arrived.
The old man arrived.
Why did you take off?
Has someone seen Joan?
Why are you going to graduate school?
I maybe have one general education class left, that's it.
If it had rained, I would have gone to the movies.
The old man arrived.
If it doesn't rain, I won't go to the movies.
When did you finish work?
But I know it might be boring to drive all alone.
The old man arrived.
When did you take off?
Who did John see yesterday?
If it rains, I will go to a movie.
Maybe someday I'll find another way to go diagonally across and south.
What is he/she/it doing in California?
What did you go eat at Uno's for?
I thought I could take I-90 straight across the country.
What did he/she/it go to California for?
So like, around those southern states, going across there.
John knows who Mary loves.
The old man arrived.
John knows who Mary loves.
Maybe next year I will come to BU for graduate school.
Why did you go to California?
The old man arrived.
(The teacher) will give the book to the student.
The teacher is at the movies.
After the teacher watches the movie he/she will buy a book.
They married.
I am of mixed heritage.
The two of them married.
My father was born in America...
Something went wrong and he got lost or disappeared.
My mother's grandfather was Italian.
Great grandfather went to South Africa on business.
My father is of German and Scottish heritage.
And then I was born.
They had two children.
Then my mother, aunt, and uncle were born.  That is all for that side of the family.
They had two children.
He met my mother, they dated for four years, then got married.
My maternal grandmother was the second oldest of four children.
Life in Yugoslavia was difficult due to the war and depression.
...in North Carolina.
Her grandmother was Yugoslavian.
My father decided to move to California.
He started out driving, but his car broke down.
She met her second husband.
She grew-up and met a guy who was from Yugoslavia.
He took a bus, finally arriving in San Francisco.  He (met people and) mingled.
They arrived in America and eventually settled in California.
After World War II, California had many job opportunities.
Great grandmother and the two children decided to move to America.
The reporter asked Ali's wife if he was alright.
He died way back, when I was around 8 years old.
He tends to shake sometimes and he had a hard time trying to focus on things. 
I wish he and I could have watched it together. 
He started to really shake and the reporter got scared.  He wasn't sure how to approach that kind of situation.
He scared the reporter, his wife was great...wow.
The reporter asked Muhammad Ali a simple question.
So, after that, I wish I could tell my grandfather that story.
Ali started to...  well, you know he has Parkinson's disease...
While they had dinner, the sports reporter collected more information about Muhammad Ail.
His wife cooked and got things ready for dinner.  Then, they all sat down and talked.
After I watched that story, Muhammad Ali became my favorite boxer.
His wife invited a reporter over their house.
Sometimes he  imagines he is still boxing in the ring,
His wife said "well, sort of... sometimes he has bad dreams."
...still taking punches.  Sometimes he will stand up and start swinging his fists.
The reporter said, "Really, Muhammad Ali would stand up and start punching at people?"
The wife said "Yes, I have seen him beating up one man for no reason"
The reporter said, "really?" as he looked at Muhammad Ali.
Ali was sitting, shaking; then he got up slowly and started punching the air.
Ali walked toward the reporter, grabbed him by the collar, pulled him close, and shook his fist in the reporter's face. 
The reporter was really scared.  Muhammad Ali put him back in his seat, and said, "I am just teasing, don't worry!"
He laughed and sat down.  I had goose bumps on my arms.
I don't remember it well because I was too young but....
He asked me to sit down and watch boxing.  I didn't really get it.
It was a show about his life story. I was completely fascinated by it.
My grandfather was a big boxing fan.
In the past, when I was four or five years old...
I was not laughing, yes I know it was funny, but I got goose bumps on my arms.
I would work out and have great abdominal muscles on my stomach.  Wow--it would require a lot of time, though,
As I watched, I thought to myself, "I wouldn't mind doing boxing in the future".
 But he still, uh, he still is able to find humor in many things.
I said "oh, I see," then I began watching the boxing on TV.
...because Muhammad Ali has Parkinson's Disease...
My father told me that I used to love boxing when I was growing up.
Last year, I watched a story about Muhammad Ali on CNN.
...so I dropped it.  One thing that hit me when I was watching TV...
I opened the menu; the choices were limited, but we let it slide. 
The food was not good, so we just left it. 
The tables and chairs were all wood.  It looked like a log cabin. 
I told the waitress that I was unsatified with the food and that we'd pay for the drinks. 
We were uneasy,  but we said "OK, fine," and the three of us sat down around a table. 
Really, I would have preferred a McDonald's burger--they're better than this one was.  Oh well.  
I went in; the place was really creepy. 
I took a bite... it was gross.  We all decided, "Forget it."
There were no waiters...
I kept driving.  I hurried because I knew there would be a McDonald's on the road.  We found a McDonald's right near the end of Nebraska. 
My friend said "nah, its better to pull over." "Okay, fine," I said, "I'd be happy to." I said sarcastically.  We pulled over. 
We went into a restaurant.  I was hungry because I hadn't eaten lunch yet. 
The waitress said, "Are you sure? Do you want anything else?"  I said, "Nah, I've decided to take off."
"Be patient, we'll drive together, and the rain will dissipate." I said.
We left.  As we were driving, we were really hungry.
It is important to escape the big storm.
The waitress came over.  I told her that I'm Deaf. 
We decided to have hamburger and French fries, something simple.
I kept on driving. I was going 85, 88, 90 MPH all the way through there. 
We wnt straight on through Indiana, then Illinois, no--first Illinois, then Indiana.  It was a good drive; I kept going overnight. 
Then I drove straight through Iowa...I think it was Iowa...yes, it was Iowa.  
I thought,"perfect!" We pulled off and took the opportunity to eat at McDonalds.  
We were lucky and took advantage of it.  After we drove a good while we decided to stop in Illinois. 
There were no cops.  The speed limit there is 75 MPH, so...
We stayed overnight.   Let's stop, and put this aside. 
The waitress came up and talked into my ear.
I gestured, "No, I'm Deaf!"  So she came around and started talking right in my face.  I said, "No, no--move back."
I wrote to explain that Deaf people can read lips. 
Really, some can read lips and some communicate with paper and pen.  
The waitress said, "Oh.  Which do you prefer?"  I said I wanted paper and pen, haha. 
Because that waitress was really hard to understand. 
...anyway, I wrote that I wanted a burger with fries, just simple...cooked medium..
My friends did the same.  They both wrote down their orders, we gave the waitress the paper, and off she went. 
I couldn't chat as I was driving.
I was disappointed--you know this, my pager?  It didn't work all the way through Nebraska. 
I told them its important to go slowly, 45 or 50 MPH. 
Really, all the way through Nebraska...
After I explained Wyoming, the tons of cows and all that...
We waited and waited.  The rain stopped; I said, "Oh, good."
I didn't realize that Nebraska was really that big! But anyway, so I was driving...
"Really, it's about 500 miles across Nebraska."
The food finally came.  I looked again--it had plain Wonder bread for a bun and a tiny little burger.  
...It's really far to Omaha--it's the end of Nebraska
I was in a hurry for the food to arrive--I wanted to take advantage of the good weather for driving, but it didn't work out that way.  We waited and waited and waited. 
"Really, I was driving alone.  My two friends were driving in front of me.  So I drove..."
My friends in front of me wanted to pull over.
All of sudden, a strong storm hit.  I was a bit nervous driving through it. 
Has mother already given John chocolate?
How many books does John want to buy?
When the teacher finishes reading the magazine, he/she will read a book.
How many cars has the teacher bought so far?
Will John give (his) mother chocolate?
Mother does not want to buy a house.
Mother did not buy the car for John.
The students do not like chocolate.
John likes cars and books.
Father likes John's house but doesn't like his car.                                                  
The teacher does not like movies.
How many books will John buy?
The teacher likes movies, but the students don't.
The teacher likes chocolate.
Mother gave John chocolate yesterday.
Father likes books and movies.
The student likes to eat chocolate but he/she doesn't like to read.
John bought a car yesterday and gave it to (his) mother.
The student likes chocolate.
The teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book.
The teacher likes movies.
How many books have the students finished reading so far?
Mary bought (her) mother's car to give to John.
The student doesn't like to read but he/she likes to eat chocolate.
How many cars has/have the student(s) bought so far?
The teacher likes books but not movies.
The students don't like chocolate.
John likes his father's car and house.
How many books has John bought?
Why doesn't John like chocolate?
The student has finished reading a book and is now watching a movie.
Has the teacher bought many cars?
John gave (his) mother chocolate.
How many cars will the student buy?
John should not buy a house.
How many books should the students read?
Mother bought a car and gave it to John.
The teacher likes to read but he/she doesn't like movies.
No, John did not buy (his) mother's car.
John has just given (his) mother chocolate.
How many books WILL the students READ?
Why shouldn't John buy a house?
Does the teacher like movies?
Does the teacher like chocolate?
Does the teacher like movies?
She said, "So you know, Mike's really hearing.  He's not Deaf."  
My parents asked "how do you know?"
Dana saw this and saw that I was obviously hearing. 
She was disappointed and walked over to tell my parents.
She told them that I had woken up and cried
Dana said," I went down and got some pots and pans...
...and I banged them together as he was sleeping."
She decided to do something else.
Dana was still upset that I wasn't D-, well, that I wasn't Deaf.  
The next day, I woke up.
My parents said, "really? Oh well."
Then they would find out if I'm Deaf.
Dana was impatient.  She said, "Can we ask the doctor?"
My mother said, "Enough! Cut it out."
That first night they brought me home...
...I arrived home....
...I was sleeping in the crib.
Dana was watching me.  She was mischevious, Dana was--same as me growing up.  
But anyway, Dana decided to gather some pots and pans.
I have an older sister.
My parents gave birth to Dana.
...i had become, or had found out that I had become deaf.  
Really, maybe you want to know why...
Said that she want to have a Deaf sister.
While my parents were sleeping, she snuck downstairs...
Dana wanted a Deaf sister.
my mother got pregnant with me.
She started banging the pots!  I woke up and started crying. 
When she was three and half or four years old,
She pulled a bunch of pots from the cabinet and went back upstairs to my room.
"I hope, I hope, I hope," She said.  
She would tell my mother everyday "I want a Deaf sister."
I was definitely Deaf.
So my mother told Dana...
I did not even hear it.
She screamed my name into my ear. 
My mother said, "We can't tell if he is Deaf, but if he is... that's the way it goes... "
She talked into my ears and I didn't pay attention.
When Dana found out that I was boy, she found accepted it. 
But it was important that I was Deaf. 
My mother said "we will see."
The time came--I was (finally) born. 
Maybe it is a boy too.
My sister said "No, I don't have that feeling; I will get a Deaf sister."
Maybe the baby will be hearing, but we'll still love it the same. 
"But I'm hoping that it's Deaf, too."
Wait until he gets bigger and feels comfortable at home.
After (the baby) is born, you have to...
I am sure she is still telling many strangers about me.
...about how she found out that I had become Deaf.
Even today, Dana still tells everyone.
Right now she's in Europe...
"You have a Deaf brother." 
Dana was jumping around, she was so excited.
Dana walked around behind me screamed.
But anyway I was sitting...
I was in my high chair. 
Really, I was sitting...
I have a picture, it's cute.
You know, where (babies) sit when they're eating...it has a tray.  I had a bib on...
My mother told her to take it easy, said "We'll see... "
And my mother saw the whole thing.
My  mother just stared.
She walked over to Dana and said, "maybe he is Deaf."
She was looking at me.
I didn't even look back.  
We flew there Friday.  Wow!  A limo arrived to pick us up.  Wow!
I was tired so I went to bed for the night.
I slept all night.  In the morning there were various groups.
It was really something!
That was in the morning.  Around noon, we packed.  The limo came, I got in and went back (to the airport).
I won a free trip to Colorado.  It was great!
Then everyone went to dance.  I was so exhausted.  At 9:30 I went to bed.
I got out.  My legs were very stiff.  Wow. I laid down to rest and took it easy.
My friend and I went last weekend.
There were drinks, food, and socializing.  I met many people. It went all night. 
The airplane took off.  It landed at 7:45.
We stopped at noon for a light lunch of various fruits and vegetables.
That evening there was a fancy-dress party.
There were all kinds of foods, drinks, beer, and wine.  We kept eating and drinking.
We got onto the bus and went back to the resort.
I arrived home about 8:00. Wow! What a wonderful weekend.  It was so fun!
That night the hotel served free food.
We started skiing about 9:00 and skied all morning.
Then we went back to skiing all afternoon.
It drove up the mountain and arrived at the ski resort. It was a beautiful place where many famous people go.
Some people went sledding, some went ice skating, and some went ice fishing.
In the morning, we got up, got on the bus, went up the mountain and arrived at the top.
At 5:00 we stopped.  My legs were so worn out!
He sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence: "What is a car?"
So far, his motorcycles have been stolen, crashed, and so on, you know?
He had made a videotape of himself riding on one wheel at 80 mph!! He is crazy!!
Motorcycling--wow.  Since I care about him, I decided to send him an email.
I said to Paul in the email, "you know, you have been a good friend of mine".
Three of his motorcycles were stolen, two others crashed.  He has had a total of five different motorcycles. 
He would do anything for a motorcycle.  I feel sorry for him, he has bad luck with motorcycles.  
He is a real motorcycle freak.  He has a beautiful motorcycle.
He showed (the whole accident) on tape. He didn't win though, but hey.
I have a good friend of mine named Paul.
He decided to force himself to ride on one wheel of the motorcycle.
He would do anything for a motorcycle, like for example, he ran in the Mr. Deaf CSUN Pageant.
...from a motorcycle accident.
You know where he is now? In the hospital with broken ribs...
He fell off the motorcycle, separated his shoulder, sprained both his knee and ankle, and burned the side of his face.
He was riding the motorcycle on one wheel at 80 to 90 mph and hit a rock.
Has mother finished reading that book?
John has not yet finished reading the book.
That was John's car.
Mother should buy a car.
Will mother read that book?
John finished reading the book.
What did John read a book about?
If John reads the book, he will know more about Lincoln's life.
Is that John's father's car?
As for John's car, I've never seen (it).
Has John finished reading the book?
When did John finish reading the book?
When will John finish reading the book?
If John reads the book, he will know more about Lincoln's life.
Mother is reading a book.
Mother will buy a house.
That (right over there) is John's car.
Why should mother buy a car?
Did John read the book?  Yes, he did.
If John needs more information, he will read the book.
Whose car is that?
When will John finish reading the book?
Which house will the student's father buy?
What did John read a book about?
John will give (his) father a car.
I've never seen John's car.
Father should buy a book.
Did John finish reading the book?
When John finds out there will be a test, he will panic and be compelled to read the book.
That (right over there) is John's father's car.
When did John finish reading the book?
The student's father bought a house.
Father MUST give the car to John.
Mother will not buy a house.
Why should father buy that book?
Mother was reading a book.
Mother should not have bought a car.   
John's father must give a car to Mary.
The student's mother bought a car.
If the teacher requires it, John will read the book.
I've never seen John's car.
What did John read a book about?
Mother plans to read that book.
The student will buy his/her mother's car.
John should give (his) father a car.
After class, John finished reading the book.
When the teacher gives out the test, John will read the book.
That book, John finished reading it yesterday.
Why did father buy that book?
Did the student buy many books?
Mother doesn't want to buy a house.
His father MUST give John a car.
It's that student's father who is buying a house. 
Will mother buy a house?
Once John had found out that there is a test, he read the book.
I've never seen John's car.
Which of those two books did the student give the teacher?
Why does father have to buy that book there?
What is John reading a book about?
When John reads the book, he will know more about LIncoln's life.
It's Mary there to whom John's father must give a car.
That student's father will buy a house.
Should mother buy a car?
John should give car to the father.
It's John's CAR I've never seen.
That book, John finished reading it yesterday.
It's that student's mother who is buying a car.
It's John who will give a car to (his) father.
Has John already read the book?
If John needs more information, he will read the book.
How many books will John buy?
Will mother read the book?
When did John finish reading the book?
It's John's father, him, who must give a car to Mary.
Which house did the student's father buy?
What is John reading a book about? 
After class, John finished reading the book.
Did the student buy many books?
John hasn't finished reading the book yet.
It's John's car I've never seen.
When did John finish reading the book?
As for John reading the book, he finished.
Will mother buy a house?  No.
As for John's car, I've never seen (it).
Why should mother buy a car?
If the teacher requires it, then John will read the book.
That book, John finished reading it yesterday.
When did John finish reading the book?
John's father must give the car to Mary.
That book, John finished reading it yesterday.
Mother will buy a house.
When will John finish reading the book?
John finished reading the book.
Father must give a car to John.
Mother should not buy that car!
Mother is not buying a house.
When John finds out about the test, he will freak out and need to read the book.
WIll mother buy a house?  No.
Has John read the book?
When John finds out about the test, he will freak out and need to read the book.
Has John already read the book, has he?
Is John going to buy a car?  He won't.
John told Mary, "I am buying a house."
John is arriving there.
John will have seen Mary.
John used to not like chocolate.
John has visited Mary.
The girls are giving John boxes.
John should buy a car.
John will visit Mary.
John decided to visit Mary.
John is giving the girl a box.
John will finish reading the book.
John will visit Mary.
As for Mary, as for vegetables, (I) knows she likes corn.
John will not buy a house.
Ann blames Mary.
John told Mary, "I am buying a house."
All the boys each give the teacher an apple.
The girl is giving John boxes.
John won't buy a house.
John can go, he can.
John is not visiting Mary.  (He) is visiting (his) Mother.
The girls are giving John boxes.
Next week, John is going to New York.
As for Mary and vegetables, I know she likes corn.
John lived in Chicago.
John will have seen Mary.
John likes chocolate.
John thinks Mary loves (him).
John loves Mary.
John is giving the girls boxes.
John will buy a car.
Mary herself prefers corn.
All the boys each give the teacher an apple.
John will have seen Mary.
John is giving the girl boxes.
As for John, he says (he/John) loves Mary.
John will buy a house.
John did not visit Mary.
John is giving the girls boxes.
John, in the future, is not buying a house.
Is John buying a car?  In the future.
All the boys in the class each gave the teacher an apple.
John is arriving.
(He/She) shoots Frank.
As for John, Mary blames him.
John thinks Mary loves (him).
John, in the future, won't buy a house.
As for Mary, Bill says John loves (her).
John is arriving.
John should not buy a house.
John thinks Mary loves (him).
John prefers to go to the movies tomorrow.
In the future, John will go.
As for Mary and vegetables, (I) know she likes corn.
John is arriving.
People are giving Jana toys.
John should finish reading the book.
John blames (him/her).
John must buy a house.
In the future, John should buy a car.
Many people are giving Jana toys.
John should not buy a house.
As for John, Mary blames him.
As for John, he says (he/John) loves Mary.
John can buy a house.
John will have seen Mary.
John wants to sell (his/a) car.
As for Mary and vegetables, I knows she likes corn.
John shouldn't buy a house.
John did not visit Mary.
Last week, John went to New York.
John wants to sell his car in the future.
The teacher gives the boy a book repeatedly.
John doesn't have to buy a house.
People are giving Jana toys.
The teacher gives the boys each a book.
Ann blames Mary.
Mary herself prefers corn.
John will visit Mary.
About John giving mother chocolate, will he do it soon?
Whose car is that?
Did mother give chocolate to John?
John, he is giving chocolate to his mother now.
WOW.   As for John's car, it was stolen. 
Teacher really liked the movie.
I don't know if the teacher likes the movie, I (just) don't know.
He, John's father there, must buy this/that for Mary there. 
It--that car there--is John's father's.
He, father, must buy a car for John (I'm telling you).
The teacher doesn't like the movie.
For how long has that student been reading the book?
The student there loves chocolate but doesn't like reading.
Mother doesn't want to buy a house.
The teacher enjoyed (the movie) but the kids did not like the movie.
Is that John's former car?
How many books did the student read?
John bought many books.
The student doesn't like to read but loves chocolate.
The teacher has been car shopping for a while now.
John's father there is giving a car to John.  
Mother isn't buying a car for John.
Is that car there John's father's?
The teacher likes CHOCOLATE.
Has the teacher been car shopping lately(all this time)?
Mother gave John chocolate yesterday.
How many cars did the student buy (pay for)?
Why doesn't John like chocolate?
No, will she buy a house?  No,  John's mother doesn't want to buy a house.
The teacher enjoys reading but not movies.
Did John buy many books? How many did he buy?
He, John, gave his mother chocolate.
How many books has John read so far?
Is John's mother buying a house?
The student likes CHOCOLATE.
Will John give his father THAT CAR?
They hit me twice with the nightstick and punched me in the eye.  
I was in shock.
...I was planning to tell them I'm Deaf.  As I raised my arm to sign "Deaf,"...
They grabbed my arm and bent it behind my back.
Because I was so shocked that I, I don't know.
Why did they hit me? I didnt feel anything!
I felt numb.
They ignored me.
I tried to tell the cop that I'm Deaf.  I spoke, "Deaf, Deaf!"
Then they grabbed my hands and handcuffed me.  I was under arrest.  
What did the cop hit me for?
They were LAPD, and were coming up running. 
I thought "what's going on?"
Really, I wasnt sure.
Why are they chasing me? I asked myself.  
I thought it was because they saw me going to the bathroom in public or something.
I thought it should be fine, I told myself to think positive about this situation.
So I...
Maybe I could just let them know and say that I was sorry for going to the bathroom in the public.
She had a party.
One girl who lived right next to me.
Four years ago at California State University Northridge...
(This is a story of) one of my worst experiences.
It wouldn't be a big deal.  Oh, it's important to inform people I'm Deaf, too.
...at the nearby market. 
I decided to go buy cigarettes.
Two cops walked toward me.  When they were really close to me...
 It was good time.  All night I enjoyed myself.
It is a very important thing to do.
...for us college students to get together.
I walked  to the market.
I'd say it was only five minutes away walking--practically nothing. 
I pulled a cigarette from my pants pocket and lit up.
Then I walked back out from behind the bush.
I was relieved, because it was important that nobody see me.  
I looked around to make sure nobody saw me.
I looked around and everything was fine, so I went ahead and used the "bathroom." 
...I saw a bush.
I looked at it and thought, "so what!?" I went around the bush.
I admit, I had to go to the bathroom real bad. 
I couldn't hold my bladder, so I...
I was looking back and saw two cops running.
I looked back.
Take Rodney King, for example.  
Because I felt it would be their word against mine. 
You probably wondering why I didn't report it to the police.
That's something that I hope the LAPD will learn
But the hands behind the back, never again!
So he can communicate, either writing or by signing.  
Or, if they really need to arrest someone, cuff him with his hands in front of his body...
If something happens and they show up, they should make sure they have paper and pen ready.
I felt fine and just forgot about it.
... to make sure they will approach Deaf people in right way.
But, from now on, LAPD should really teach their officers...
But anyway, my friend said "calm down, it's alright."
...did he hit me?  I had a bad headache next morning
I had a big bruise near my eye.  Why...
I was really upset.
He said, "make sure not to pee in public again!" Then he left.
I was ticked, but I decided to ingore him. 
"You never know if he'll have to go to the hospital tonight."
The cop told my friend, "make sure you keep an eye on him overnight."
So, fine.  The cop said...
I bought the cigarettes, put them in my pocket, and walked back.
...like one side of me felt like hitting the cop.
But, of course I couldn't do that.
"You will be wasting your time!"  They were talking back and forth.
I would look bad, and plus...
My friend looked at him and said "Oh, no, no..."
I was drinking underage, too.
He said, "to pump out his stomach."
Really, I admit, I didn't want to bring up...
...that I went to the bathroom in public--I didn't want that on the record. 
They have it on tape, beating him up.  
But, they still took LAPD's word against Rodney King's.
He took off the handcuffs.
He pushed me and I fell to the ground.
He said, "no, no."  The cop was just looked at him and shook his head 'no'.
He was looking and then finally, he was willing...
I was confused, really I felt many different things at once.
Really, I felt...
I fell--what was that?! Then I got up.
Of course, I was very upset.
"...I saw him put something in his mouth"
The cop said, "No...
How could they guess that?
I couldn't believe it!  I said to myself, "Oh my god!"
Then it struck me: I had pulled the cigarette from my pocket and put it to my mouth. 
They thought I was popping a pill, I don't know.
But I tried to tell my friend that I was just smoking a cigarette.
My friend said "Oh," and informed the cop that I was smoking a cigarette.
Maybe you misunderstood and thought he was taking something.
The cop said, "No, I saw it very clearly."
"I will take him to the hospital now."
The cop looked at my friend and pulled me out of the car.
He said, "Hey, hey, I know him!  I know Mike, the one in the car."
He saw me in the cop car.  
My friend came downstairs and went outside.
Some of my friends said, "Really?"
My friend looked over incredulously.
He knew that I never take drugs.
Then my friend asked what was going on.
The cop looked at my friend and said, "he took drugs."
I was really lucky my friend came in time. 
The cop pulled me out of the car...
I thought--I didn't know, it could have been.
Really, I ended up getting arrested for that?
I had no clue of what was going on.
They grabbed me and led me off.  I didn't know what to do. 
I really thought it was maybe because I went to the bathroom in the public.
Why would the  cop arrest me?
While they brought me to the cruiser, one girl who was ready to go home...
...saw the whole thing.
She went back up to the party and informed some of my friends...
...that I had been arrested by the police.
I expected they would put me in the cruiser.
What did John buy yesterday? Books.
Who did John see? Mary.
The student has the videotape.
Some student has the videotape.
Some woman arrived.
Who did John see throw the apple? Mary.
Who likes chocolate?
Sue bought/is buying the blue car.
What did John buy yesterday? A book.
What did John buy yesterday?
Who told Bill yesterday? Mary did.
Who loves John?
John should go, he should.
Who likes chocolate?
Who did John see throw the apple? Mary.
John should go.
Who told Bill? Mary did.
Who did John see? Mary.
John should go.
...you know, they have different buildings for different wards.  I went in and waited some more.
My hand kept bleeding and I was still waiting. 
I sat down and waited for a long time.  Finally, I went in. 
I was in the fast express care of the emergency area of the hospital.
He looked at my finger and said he would like to call for a second opinion.
A doctor came in, he was new and had just joined the staff.
I was a bit nervous--I trust young doctors, but would prefer an older one;  it doesn't matter though, it was fine.
I hoped my finger wouldn't become dry (the blood) or whatever. So I kept waiting. 
I still hadn't gotten my stitches.
I arrived there at two o'clock and it was already like 4:30 or 5 o'clock...
I thought "ugh" and ended up waiting again. 
I picked up the shampoo bottle and dumped it on my hand.  Right after I poured it, it hit me that I couldn't use that hand. 
While the water was running, I tried to wash myself as best I could--I couldn't use my injured hand.
I went and got another bag to put on my hand.
I wasn't thinking.   Now shampoo was oozing all over my hand.  Geez. 
I told my boss that I had to go to the hospital because I needed stitches.
I thought to myself "fine" and went off to the hospital.
A thought struck me; I pulled out my wallet and opened it...
...I realized I didn't have my insurance information with me.
So we pulled over to a pay phone and Tony called the boss
The boss said his company would cover the costs for stitches on my finger and everything.
My boss said, "Yes, go ahead and use my name." I was relieved.
If he didn't pay for it then I don't know what I would have done!
We were working, doing landscaping.
Tony and I grew up best friends.
Yesterday, I worked with my friend.
I am sure you noticed this bandage on my hand and wonder what happened.
My boss is pretty strict.
They maybe would have to send the bill to my parents. My parents wouldn't be very happy.
There was many different sizes.
The metal corner was really sharp! It had a big log on it.
We sat down with them to give information about the insurance, my birth date, my social security number, etc. 
We were cutting wood using a cutting tool that had a metal edge.
I went to the hospital, but you know how hospitals are, they tend to keep you waiting forever!
Then I got back into the shower and washed up. It felt so good!
Then, I went to bed for the night to get ready to work all day today.
I worked at a quick pace.
He told us we must finish everything before sunset.
He gave me instructions; he told me, "you cannot get it wet."
After he finished, he wrapped up my finger.
...that's kind of how the stitching felt.   
I could feel the stitches being pulled through--it felt like when you tie your shoes...
I thought maybe I could just bandage it and put pressure on it so it wouldn't bleed anymore.
My hand became numb, and he stitched it.
I showed him my hand--it was bleeding profusely.
Tony said that I should go to the hospital and I asked, "are you sure?"
It was not first time someone cut his finger with that same machine.
Anyway, I tapped Tony and told him the bad news.
When the metal corner sliced my hand, really, wow!
It looked like my fingers had been cut off!
I tried to catch it.
I got the log but the metal corner hit my hand.
So I decided go to the hospital.
I was holding my hand but it still bled through my shirt.  Can you imagine that?
So anyway, I went in the shower--I had put two bags on my hand to be safe.
I wrapped my hand and the bag with a rubber band and walked into the shower.
I finally arrived home around 7:30.  I was beat.
Really, I had to take shower because I had been working all day, plus I had blood all over me.
Then, when you shower, you will need to use a plastic bag to cover your hand.
After he explained everything that I needed to do, I said "fine, alright then".
My x-ray result showed that my finger was cut to the joint. 
He wanted to check if I had some air in my finger which could cause an infection.
I felt funny because a plastic surgeon was going to give me the stitches.
Finally, an older man came in; he was a plastic surgeon.
But all the same, he told me I better go downstairs and get an x-ray.
I thought some regular doctor, nurse, or even doctor's assistant could do it.
There was one big log that I picked up but then I started to drop it.
I went back upstairs to give the plastic surgeon my X-Ray results. 
Finally, he said we were ready.  He set everything up.
He got the scissors, the needle, and the string.  I saw the needle and the thick string and thought "whoa!"
He gave my hand a few injections. 
He said I was very lucky that my finger was not cut more or I would have lost it.  I was relieved!
John knows the man over there.
You know John? Mary, he loves her.
That used to be John's car.
John knows the man over there.
John knows that man over there.
Who's car is that?
Is that his father's car?
John knows the man over there.
You know John, Mary he loves her.
In China, people prefer broccoli over other vegetables.
You know John? Mary loves him.
Who does that car belong to?
That is John's father's car.
Is that John's father's car?
You know John?  Mary, he loves her.
his/her new car
John knows the man over there.
That is his/her old car.
You know John?  Mary, he loves her.
That is John's car.
Who arrived?
Someone's car was stolen.
I found someone's book.
Who told Bill?  Mary.
His/her new car broke down.
Well, some woman arrived.
Who, who does John love?
What did John buy yesterday?  Books.
I don't know.  Some woman arrived here.
Sue is buying the blue car.
What did John buy yesterday?  Books.
John's old house was sold yesterday.
John's brother arrives.
John's leg hurts.  
Who did John see, him, who?
Who arrived?
Some woman arrived here.
Who arrived?
Sue is buying that blue car.
As for John, Mary loves him.
John read a/the book.
Frank's new car broke down.
Sue bought (is buying) the blue car.
As for John, he likes Mary.
John gave some woman over there a book.
John's leg hurts.
What did John buy yesterday?  Books.
Someone's car was stolen.
John gave that man a new coat.
Who did John see, who?
Sue bought (is buying) that blue car.
Who loves John?
Who did John see, who?
Frank is looking for whose book?
Frank's car broke down.
John's brother arrived.
John, he gave a man over there a book.
John read a/the book.
Who loves John?
John gave the man way over there a new coat.
I found someone's book.
What is it John loves?
A student, someone, borrowed a videotape.  
Who did John see throw the apple?  Mary.
Who told Bill yesterday?  Mary (did).
Sue is buying that blue car.
His/her new car broke down.
That woman way over there has a book.
John, he gave the man over there a new coat.
What did John buy yesterday?  Books.
What is it that John likes?
The person way over there has a book.
Who, as for vegetables, prefers potatoes?
John gave a woman over there a book.
Someone arrived here.
John's mother arrived.  Whose mother arrived?
What did John buy?  Books.
Sue bought that blue car.
What is it John loves, what?
Name?
Who told Bill yesterday?  Mary (did).  
John's friend has candy.
What is it John loves, what?
John gave some woman over there a book.
John's friend has candy.
John gave some woman over there a book.
The donut tire only lasts for 50 miles so I really had to pull over soon.  We finally arrived at the hotel. We gambled all night and we didn't sleep at all! 
And, make sure you have everything ready--make sure your car is ready before you leave, like I didn't do. 
in the morning. However, as I was driving, I found one hotel, but it had a casino too.
My friends were driving in front of me and I waved to get their attention.  I told them that we really had to stay at the hotel because it's our only choice. 
After my trip, it was six days total.  
I changed the tire. The tire was a donut tire that is only supposed to last for 50 miles.
I really enjoyed the trip and it was a wonderful time.  It was a lot of fun and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to drive across the country. If so, you can ask me for advice.
And, it's like 11 o'clock at night--everything was closed.  I just had to find a place to stay and have the car fixed the next morning. 
I started to realize that I had a spare tire in the trunk so it was a good thing that I brought it with me. 
I rummaged in the trunk.  I admit that it was my first time changing a tire. I know all men should know how, but unfortunately, I didn't.
My friends were driving in front of me and I was following them.  I had to get their attention by waving my hand so I could pull their car over.
As I got out of my car, I looked at the back of my car and saw one of the tires was flat. The tire literally blew out in two pieces! It was all gone!
It won't open til 9 or 10 in the morning.  We were okay with it even though we had to wait for a bit. The mechanic finally opened and they fixed the tire.
I had to put up and stay up til six or seven in the morning.  I was hoping that gas station would be open by then, since I needed my tire fixed before I went on to Boston.
Plus an oil change at the same time, which I said was fine. The oil change went fine, but the mechanic said he had some bad news for me. The engine belt had cracked and I needed a new one.
We stayed at the shop for another three hours while they were replacing the belt in the engine along with a oil change and the tire as well. I waited for a long while and finally left Nevada at around12.
When we entered Utah, we all were exhausted as we didn't sleep at all.  We were awake all night at the casino at Nevada last night. 
We decided to continue driving and we got to Colorado. We stayed at a place there because it was late. We woke up late because we wanted to catch up on our sleep.
I woke up and realized that driving to Boston from LA in four days was impossible.  Really, I applaud anyone who drives from LA to Boston.
To drive across the country in four days, you would have to drive about fifteen hours each day to have the right pace to arrive in Boston on time.
I drove through Wymoing and Nebraska. Both states were very boring. It was just flat, with cows, etc. 
In Wyoming--this just popped into my head--there was a place with ten thousands cows fenced in. It was sort of a small jail.
We went on a trip to San Francisco.  We enjoyed it so much and SF is a beautiful city. 
I drove from LA to SF to visit a good friend of mine there.
When we were getting ready to get out of Nevada, I felt something on the back of my car. All of a sudden, the car dropped down in the back and was skidding.
My two friends joined and we decided to drive to Boston.
After I finished the past semester at CSUN......
I looked at cows while I was driving and I felt sad for them because they couldn't even move. At end of the "jail", I saw a butcher shop where they were slaughtering the cows. I also saw some dead cows that were hanging!
As my frends and I were driving through the state of Nevada, the three of us were really tempted to gamble. So, we decided to stop by at a casino on the border between Nevada and California.
I was on I-80 all the way across the country and then I eventually got on I-90.  I expected that it would take me maybe three or four days to drive across the country. Unfortunately, I was wrong!
I drove, and it was flat and plain through Iowa, Ohio, and Illinois I got to New York, and finally I arrived Boston.
I drove straight across the country from SF.
That's so typical of Wymoning. We probably get our meat from there. Very good meat, too, because I ate a steak there.
I have to admit that SF copies Boston a little, but anyway...
We hoped to get out of Nevada soon so we wouldn't feel tempted to gamble again because we all had lost some money from gambling.  
I pulled the car over.  We gambled. I had a good time for maybe a couple of hours and then I got back into the car. 
Did John read the book?  When?
You see the book over there?  John finished reading it yesterday.
Mother should not buy that car.
John finished reading.
I have never seen John's car.
Do you understand? Am I clear? 
Father bought a book.
Will mother read a book later?
Yes, it will be better if I stand up so it's more clear but, (whatever).
Has John finished reading the book?
I have never seen John's car.
The student's mother will buy him a car, I'm sure.
Will John finish reading soon?
Mother bought a car.
Mother is planning to read the book later.
Is mother reading the book?
Did the student's mother buy a car already?
Which house did the student's father buy?
(Hah!) John hasn't read (it) yet.
Why did mother buy a car?
John was reading that book, what did he say it is about?
Mother is reading the book.
There was waving while we were rowing, and people fell off the raft.
It was fun all day and we had a good time.  We decided to take a break.
I realized it was serious business.
I dug my foot into the side of the raft so I wouldn't fall again.
I went for the steak--I love steak.  We ate quickly, 
We pulled over for a lunch break.
We had a choice of steak or chicken.
He expected a bunch of us to fall out.
He warned us that later, further down, would be be tougher.
The raft headed down the river.  The man in the back, our leader,... 
...and when that was done we got on the raft again
The boat was really slow.  I thought, no problem.
I was rowing and thought it was boring.
I tapped my friend Tony.
I tapped him and said, "THAT's white water rafting?"
The boat suddenly shot down; the rapids were churning all around us.
I flew out of the raft--I was dumbfounded.
I was lost--I couldn't find the boat.  The boat came around...
...I waved at the raft, and they came and got me...
There were tents set up all over.
I arrived on Friday night.
We, Deafies, went to Maine for white water rafting.
Really, last weekend, I got together with twenty friends
We were ready for our great adventure!
...and another guy, Mike Daisy, who also fell off.
We had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning.
We stayed up very late. The next morning we woke up.
We got back into our seats.  I was a bit shaken..
There was a lot of beer everwhere, and people mingling.
They pulled me back onto the raft.
We got in the bus, took off, and arrived to one river.
We went in the bus after breakfast.
She threw up a little, it was really nothing big, it was as if she had a cold or something.
But she spit up the water.
She was coughing and I thought maybe we would have to do CPR on her.
I pulled her close with the paddle and then pulled her back on.
They will know when it is the right time to stop rowing or drag the paddle.
I held my paddle out to her.
There were eight of us in the raft,  and both people in front had to be hearing.
So I can follow how to row.
We started to sit down.
We had a leader that sat at the back of the raft.
I have to admit that it was my first time.
I didn't know what to do--I thought it would feel like being on a boat on the water.  I thought it wasn't a big deal.  
It was close by, twenty minutes away from our camp ground.
We sat on the raft.
So we sat down and got ready.
The leader would yell but we Deaf people cannot hear him in the back.
Most of us got in the spa.
We just sat and relaxed--Aaahhh...
 ...and called it a day.  We pulled over.
We got back on the bus and arrived at the campground.
Really, everything was fine; the girl was worried .
I arrived...
It is ironic because we both fell before,
The only left was me and Mike Daisy. It's ironic that us two stayed on.  It is strange.
The raft went down some rapids--really, it was fifteen feet straight down
I looked at him and said OK, that is fine.
We went down and many people fell off.
I braced myself as we went down--I was expecting to fall out.
...I don't know, it started with a K.  It's a long word, that river.
I pulled people back onto the raft.
One woman who was riding with us...
...was stuck under the boat and could not breathe for a while.
I reached under the raft and found her.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
...but he and I were the ones to "survive" that drop.
After he's done, (he) will buy another book.
The teacher wants him to read a lot of books.
If he can't finish reading the book, then he will give it back to the teacher.
John is in the house right now reading a book.
His parents give him many books and he reads them everyday.
He loves to read about cars.
How many books does John want to buy?
John will not like the movie.
The teacher likes movies.
How many books did John buy?
Mother likes the movie.
The teacher is not in the house.
Did the teacher buy a house yesterday?
Did mother buy a car for John? No, she did not.
John bought a car yesterday and gave it to mother.
Father will like that book.
Mother likes that book.
Will father like that book?
Did the student buy a car yesterday?
Each of the students gave the teacher a book.
Mary bought her mother's car and gave it to John.
The teacher, does s/he like movies?
The teacher is in the house there right now.
The student bought a car yesterday.
Father will like that book there.
The students contributed money to buy the teacher a book.
Is the teacher in that house?
Did the teacher like the movie that s/he saw?
The teacher liked the movie but the student didn't.
As for father liking that book, will he?
Mother bought a book yesterday.
Did John buy mother's car? No, he did not.
Mother does not like the movie.
Mother bought one book yesterday.
The teacher doesn't like the movie.
The teacher gave each student a book.
The teacher likes books, but doesn't like movies.
The teacher gave the student one book.
How many books did the teacher give John?
Mother bought a car and gave it to John.
Has the teacher been in the house before? 
The students exchanged books.
The teacher gave each of the students one book.
How many cars did John give the teacher?
Mother bought one book yesterday.
How many books did father give to John?
The teacher now is at the house there.
Does the teacher like chocolate?
Is the teacher in the house there?
The cars Jon gave the teacher, how many cars was it?
The student likes chocolate.
Father likes both books and movies.
The teacher finished reading the magazine and is now reading a book.
John is giving mother chocolate.
The teacher likes chocolate.
Mother gave chocolate to John yesterday.
John likes cars and books.
John won't like the movie.
The student likes chocolate but doesn't like to read books.
John likes his father's house and car.
Why doesn't John like chocolate?
Mother does not like the movie.
The teacher likes reading, but does she like movies? no, she doesn't.
Is the teacher already in the house?
John is right now giving chocolate to mother.
When you finish reading the magazine, you will read a book.
The student does not like chocolate. 
John should not buy a house.
The teacher is not in (that) house there.
Father will really like that book, he will.
The teacher is in the car.
Mother likes movies.
Has mother already given John chocolate?
Father likes John's house, but does he like John's car? No, he doesn't.
How many books did John's father give John?
Mother likes this book.
Will John give chocolate to mother?
When the teacher finishes reading the magazine, she will read a book.
John will give chocolate to mother.
If it rains, Bill will leave.
John takes off at seven o'clock.
I am going to be finished with work soon.
He/She/It shot Frank.
Mary is a lawyer.
John shot Frank.
As for John, Bill bawled him out.
Mary didn't see anyone.
I would have left school!
Who is going to leave if it rains?
I could leave school, I guess.
The cat that chased the mouse drank water.
It is going to rain.
John  just finished his work: the lights went out.  He's lucky.
The cop pulled John over and gave him a ticket.       
I should have left before. 
John will leave when it rains.
Sue can't swim.
John just ate a ham sandwich.
Carol and I are going out for lunch again.
As for  John, Mary loves him.
John just finished work.
As for the turkey sandwich, John devoured it.
If it rains, who will leave?
John just deleted a file.
John just got back from France.
John should go.
It is a beautiful day.
John just figured out a solution.
The birds are singing.
John will be back tomorrow.
John was working when the lights went out.
John just found his keys.
The cat that chased the dog over there ate a mouse.
As for the mouse, the cat ate it.
John has two mice.
The cop will give Bill a ticket.
John is eating.
Sue doesn't like John.
Someone will find your keys.
After I had finished talking to John, Sue called to inform me.
John loves Mary.
John should not go.
John worked until six o'clock.
I like nuts but only with salt.
John over there used to like chocolate.
As for the mouse, the cat ate it.
I have gone on a tour through Europe, through countries like Italy and Greece.
Who hates John?
Bill plays the guitar.
Mary doesn't know the answer.
Have you driven across the United States?
John refuses to finish his work.
John left at four o'clock.
John had already taken off for work when he realized he left his computer at home.
John used to be a football player. He was great!
If it rains, John will leave.
Mary just got back from Italy.
If I wasn't allergic to peanuts I would go ahead and eat them.
John just bought a new car.
My car is old.
Someone will figure out what happened.
Who prefers to go tomorrow?
John was sitting on the grass when Mary approached him to say "hello".
Who did John see yesterday?
Who did John see yesterday?
John decided to move recently.
Who did John see yesterday?
Mary is going to win the competition.
Who hates John?
As for John, he likes  Mary.
I left awhile ago.
If you don't know the answer then why did you raise your hand?!
John was sitting on the grass when Mary approached him but then she ignored him and walked away.
Does the cat who chases the mouse drink water?
I enjoy working for Carol.
John will leave when it rains.
It will rain next week.
Mary can swim, I'm sure of it.
The sun was shining.
A cop pulled John over and gave him a ticket.
John has deleted the file.
All of us were shocked to find out that Silber had become president.
Children are playing in the garden.
John will go.
John just bought a new house.
If it rains, Bill will bawl out Sue.
John is a doctor.
Does the cat that chases the mouse drink water?
John found his keys.
John is reading a book now but he is going to read a magazine afterwards.
John told Bill about the situation.
What does the cat who chased the mouse drink?
John is waiting until next week.
John will win the competition.
As for John, he loves Mary.
After I had finished talking with John, Mary called and informed me of the news.
I should leave work.
If you don't know the answer, then why do you raise your hand?
Bill plays the guitar, John plays the drums, and I sing.
As for my umbrella, I forgot it, but I still brought my raincoat.
If the rain has ended, John will have taken off.
John really loves chocolate with nuts.
As for my umbrella, I forgot it.
Who loves John?
John was driving along when he realized he forgot his license.
John leaves at seven.
As for John, who is it that loves him?
John arrived at seven o'clock.
I've never been to Spain.
I could have left.
I forgot my umbrella but I still brought my raincoat.
John was sitting on the grass when he saw Mary.
Have you gone to Spain?
Who prefers dark meat?
John works until six o'clock.
As for my umbrella, I forgot it.
While Mary was walking to school, she  realized she left her computer at home.
In the past, when I have eaten nuts I didn't like them.
John just finished working when the lights went out.
John is working until six o'clock tonight.
Mary didn't see anyone.
Who wants coffee?
The air is/was cool.
Who prefers dark meat?
If it's raining there, John will have taken off.
Who loves John?
Sue refused to finish her job.
John didn't break the window, I did.
John used to play football.
John tends to hit the sack at 10 o'clock.
John used to run every morning.
John always wants to play football.
The cat that chased the dog ate the mouse.
As a boy, John used to play pinball all day.
If he/she/it is hungry, he/she/it will eat a mouse.
Who hates John?
John is reading a book.
John didn't finish reading the book.
John will beat Mary in the race.
Who failed the exam?
I would certainly have left to go to the game.
When someone finds out how it happens, we will be able to figure it out from now on.
Who voted for Bush?
Who prefers dark meat?
John leaves work here at seven o'clock.
John is eating a sandwich.
I should have left school.
I forgot my umbrella but I still brought my raincoat.
Sue used to really love chocolate.
What did the cat that chased the dog eat yesterday?
John is a teacher.
John has visited mother.
Have you gone to Europe?
Everyone was shocked when Westling announced his retirement since no one knew about it beforehand.
John finally found his keys.
John has eaten a turkey sandwich.
John used to like chocolate.
John has told Bill about the situation.
John broke the window.
Did he/she see something?
John should not go.
John decided to move away.
Sue's favorite (food/vegetable) is corn.
Sue's favorite (food/vegetable) is corn.
John will not go.
Who saw John?
He/She/It loves Mary.
John saw an old friend.
John shot him/her/it.
As for John, who loves him?
John did not see anyone.
Sue prefers watermelon.
It will rain now for two weeks.
As for the mouse, who ate it?
Who did John see yesterday?
John didn't break the window, Mary did.
After I was done talking to John, Mary called me to inform me of the news.
John has two cats.
I must inform you it won't be easy.
I found John's keys.
John did not find his keys.
Who supports New York??
John likes chocolate.
When John finishes his work, the lights will go out.
Out of all my students, only one failed the exam.
John is waiting until tomorrow.
John finished work when the lights went out.
John watches TV everyday.
John was just able to finish his job as the lights went out.
Sue likes John.
John just finished work.
Who wants to buy Girls Scout Cookies?
John hasn't found his keys yet.
Who knows French?
What did John buy yesterday?
I have never been to Europe.
John knows the answer.
I'm not sure if I will come to graduate school here at BU.
John hadn't finished his work when the lights went out.
If you want to fix it, you must disconnect it first.
What did the cat who chased the mouse drink yesterday?
Have you been to Australia?
John is tired.
As for the children, they're in class now.
If I wasn't allergic to peanuts, I would go ahead and eat them.
The pigs blew on the fire and it grew.
A wolf saw the three pigs; they all screamed and hid, each in his own house.
This is the story of the three pigs.  
Wolf arrived.
The pig went into the wood house.  He and his brother asked themselves what they should do.  They sat down together.
It was a beautiful brick house.
The pigs felt the roof vibrating.  They looked up...
The wolf looked at the house.  It looked different--it was made of brick. 
He slowly and laboriously laid the bricks.  He slowly built the house.
The wolf held his sore behind in relief, then ran away.  The three pigs happily celebrated and danced.  They lived together for ever after.  
The wolf inhaled deeply and blew at the house.  The grass house blew away.  
The three pigs said, "No, we'll see about that.  Go ahead--try."
The wolf went to the grass house and looked it over.
To build his house, he chopped up trees.
The third pig was a hard worker, and liked to decorate.
Wolf inhaled deeply and then blew the house away.
 The pigs looked up.  The wolf looked down the chimney and started to climb down.  His tail hung down under him.  The fire burned beneath him. 
There is a wood house.
The wolf was getting more angry.  "Again!" He yelled. "One, two, three..." He took another deep breath and blew at the house. 
The pig refused. He closed and locked the door, sat, and waited. 
The two pigs were left under the open air; they were sitting, looking around, and saw the wolf!
The grass house was blown away.  The pig looked around in shock.
He cut down some grass...
Again, there is the grass house.
Wolf looked at them and said," I am ready to catch and eat you!"
... on which area each would have and went ahead to start setting them up.
He built himself a house made of wood.
The wolf said, "I'm ready to eat you three.  I'll do it."
"I smell pigs.  Where are the pigs that smell so delicious?"  thought the wolf.
She informed the three pigs that it was time for them to go away and be on their own.
Wolf said, "I warned you, ONE... TWO... THREE..."
Then what happened was a wolf arrived in the area
The house still stood strong.  The pigs started celebrating even more.  
"I could go up to the roof and down the chimney," the wolf thought, and he started climbing.  The three pigs stopped celebrating inside the house. 
But...  he didn't decorate a whole lot, either.  He was just average. 
...bundled the grass, and built his house with that.
A mother took care of her three pigs.
The three pigs said "ok," and then left.
The pig looked up to see the wolf staring at him. 
The wolf wondered what he should do.  He looked around the house and saw the chimney coming out from the roof. 
"I will visit often," she said. 
The next pig, well, he wasn't LAZY...
Wolf chased after the pigs.  Two pigs went into the brick house.
He looked and got scared.  He got up and ran to the wood house.
The wolf started to get angry.  When the three pigs realized that they were safe, they began to celebrate.  
The house was still standing; it was a strong house.  The wolf was surprised. 
The wolf looked at the pig and said, "Ok, I warned you. One... two... three..."
So the first pig had a grass house. 
One of the pig's tended to be lazy and just do things 'well enough'.
She said "go ahead and build your homes".
The pig, I mean, the wolf arrived and stared at him.
...and realized that the wolf was trying to come down the chimney.  "Ahh! Hurry!" they said and hastily built a fire in the fireplace. 
He didn't want a fancy house.
Wolf reached down to attack, but two pigs ran away towards the brick house just before Wolf could catch them.
The three pigs went out looking for a location.
When the three pigs grew up...
He arrived at the wood house.
The wolf looked toward the pigs and said, "Fine.  Ready?..." He took a deep breath and blew at the house.  
"I warn you, get out or else I will snatch you and eat you up!" Wolf said.
The pigs went in and discussed what to do; they closed and locked the windows and doors.
 The fire began to burn the wolf's tail.  The wolf threw himself out of the chimney; he flew out. 
The wolf was surprised.  He had been confident that he would destroy the house.  He looked back at the house. 
He tended to put a lot of effort into his work.
The pigs said," What should we do?  Let's wait and see."
Each pig went off in their own direction.
He built a (wood, no) brick house.
They finally found an area. They all seemed to agree...
The wolf landed in a pond; a ball of steam rose from the pond.
Then he will go and buy another book.
The teacher expects John to read a lot.
When that's done, when he's read the book, he will give it to the teacher.
John is in the house right now reading a book.
His parents have been giving and buying him books for a while now.
(The teacher) regularly watches him,  encouraging him to read.
What he is crazy about reading about is cars.
He pulls off the lid...
The victim's body still lies there limp.  He is frustrated.
The house shakes again, louder and worse than before.  He ran downstairs.
He pries open each corner.
"I... it must...I don't know"
He replaces the cover.
...and he nails the lid back on.  He is exhausted.
From now on, I won't sleep. That's it. 
"I won't go to sleep."
He walked upstairs.  "It couldn't be..."
"It must be a head trip or something,"
He rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
The coffin shakes violently
He takes off the lid and a hand reaches out of the coffin and chokes him!
He looks at the limp body in the coffin
He puts the cover back on and nails each corner.
"Nah, I am fine," he reassures himself. 
When the sun rises, he asks himself, What was that, with the shaking? 
"what was that?" He asked.  "I don't know."
"I think it was only a dream, or just my imagination about things.  I don't know--forget it," he said
"I am fine," he said.
He drank coffee all day.
He continues through the forest as lightning strikes and rain pours.
He spots his victim in the distance; the victim looks back over his shoulder, as the husky man continues to walk in persuit. 
Through a forest road lurches a husky person.
The sun sets.  Lightning strikes.  Rain falls. 
The trees pass by, as lightning strikes and rain pours.  
He keeps drinking cofffee.
A person was holding heart while carrying dead person.
The tapper thrusts his hand into his victim's body and pulls out the heart.  He picks up the body and slings it onto his shoulder. 
"I'll go to sleep," he says.  He gets under the covers...
Taps the shoulder.  The tappee turns, then looks forward again.
He keeps drinking it through sundown.
The attacker walks through the forest, up a winding path to a house. 
The attacker takes a big bite of the still-beating heart, then throws it away.
He nailed down each corner of the lid and pushed the coffin back.
"OK..." And he puts the cover back on. 
"That person is somewhere inside the house.  Oh, no..."
 "...and I ate his heart!" 
There is a lound banging, and the house shakes.
"I killed him," the person said.
Sunset and then sunrise.  The house starts shaking loudly.
He gets out of bed and goes downstairs to see what is happening.
He puts the cover back on and nails down each corner.
He yawned, went upstairs, and went to bed. 
He takes down a pry bar and pries open the coffin at each corner.
He picks up the victim's body and lays it in the coffin.
He turns the doorknob, kicks open the door, and picks his victim back up.
He puts his victim down.  There is a wood coffin.
He removes the lid.
He gets his crow bar and opens the coffin
He walks upstairs and goes to sleep.
The sun sets, and just at dawn again the banging and the shaking begin
"Nah, I must have imagined things."
"I'm going back to bed," the man said.
"I better get going," he said.
"nah, I must have imagined things," he says to himself
He pries open the coffin
Lightning strikes and rain pours.  A storm is whipping up. 
Two days go by, and he stays up, drinking coffee. 
I will keep drinking coffee.
He lies back in bed.  The house starts shaking and banging around. 
He stays awake, but eventually crashes and sleeps. 
The attacker lays down his victim's body.
It is empty.
"where did it go? where did it go?" he asks himself.
"Really....uh...."
"Really, is that man in here?" He asks himself
He removes the coffin lid and looks in.
The black bike is better but the red bike is cheaper.
Was the movie Election any good? Is it funny?
The mother and the boy are both going to the library.
Father watched the boy smirk and it didn't seem like the boy was sorry.
The teacher didn't tell me class was cancelled so I went and sat there waiting for about twenty minutes.
My son wants to be an interpreter.
Sorry, the library doesn't let you borrow magazines. You have to stay here and read them.
Now that it's cold, I need better shoes.
Do you want to go out and buy shoes?
If I have a baby, I want to give it an Irish name but the father wants to give it an Italian name.
I sat and worked all day.
If it's cold, my mom won't go out.
Mother suspected that the boy was lying.
I want that black book.
That movie, Election, is weird but it's funny.
John works nights.
I want butter.
Stop lying, it's not funny. Where's mom?
Mary is funny. She really wants an ugly dog.
Mother is deaf and sometimes her daughter interprets for her.
Mary likes red shoes.
If I have a baby, I want an Irish name but the father wants a French name.
I know that I should enter the haunted house at my own risk.
I asked my teacher for some advice and we had a discussion.
There's not many animals here in Boston.
My other friends joined me last night.
My teacher is a good advisior.
The movie is really scary.
The teacher gave out the answers to the test.
I love apples in the fall.
This afternoon I'm going to the store.
I have to take the test again.
I volunteer to help other organizations.
My mom is getting old.
I was picked to join the club. Wow, it was an honor.
They assigned me many tasks.
Age isn't important.
I love riding in airplanes and flying different places.
I have an appointment this afternoon with my teacher.
I have to discuss how I should approach the teacher appropriately.
Last night, there was an accident and traffic was horrible.
Alcohol is not always good.
Last night I did a lot of homework.
I watched a movie last night. I was really scared.
My boss works in an office right above me.
I got a D in the class; I accepted it.
I'm almost finished with my homework.
I'm always serious in school.
My sister blamed me but I am innocent!
I tend to exercise after class.
My worst enemy is my alarm clock.
Yesterday I worked all day.
I noticed my sister acting strange.
I watched a movie last night and the actor was good.
Last break, I completed all of my homework ahead of time.
I love action movies, not boring dramas.
I analyzed and looked over the math problem.
My ancestors are from Germany.
Dad is funny, but Mom is serious.
The boy lied and blamed the dog.
Joe is a good interpreter, but he isn't proficient.
John works at the library.
The library has a lot of magazines.
Mother's name is Jane, not Janet.
I lied and told my wife that her mom's food was good when really it wasn't.
The boy's bike crashed and he fell off.
John is going to the library to read a good book.
The soup, gazpacho soup, is cold not hot.
When it's cold outside, I love drinking hot chocolate.
If it's hot out, John will go to the library and read a magazine because there is air conditioning in the library.
Good night
I like that boy. He's funny.
Do you think People magazine is any good?
Bob works at the bike store.
The boy wants new shoes.
Wearing black clothes in the summer will make you hot.
If you are going to interpret, you must wear black clothes.
Do you want butter?
How much is the television you just paid for?
Who just bought a car?
Who cooked dinner?
Where will the tree be put? Near the garage.
Did Donna give the money?
I missed my morning class because I slept in.
If it rains tomorrow, I will stay home.
My mother wears glasses only because she knows she looks good in them.
Where are you putting the tree?
Is it raining outside? No, it is beautiful.
Have you bought the books?
The kids hate their principal because he bawls them out if they have not done their homework.
Last night, I played a close game of basketball with my friend. The score was 30-28 when it ended.
Where are you going now?
When do you finish work?
Is the water cold?
Is the movie good?
When I finish work, I will go home.
My mother wears glasses because she thinks she looks cool in them.
To tell the truth, I love you because you make people laugh so hard!
Where did you buy the car?
Have I bought the book? No, I have not, but I will buy it tomorrow.
Mother finishes work at 2.
Is the library closed?
Is it raining outside?
I missed my morning class because I didn`t wake up to my alarm.
I love horror or comedy movies.
What are you currently working on?
"Is the movie good?" "No, it was wonderful."
If my computer breaks down, I tell Carol.
Honestly, if I fail this class, my mom will lose it.
I always get sick in winter because I wear flip-flops.
Throughout my high school years, my mother always had to wake me up because the alarm couldn`t.
Mac beats PC because Mac is very compatible with people.
Old music devices - records, CDs, tapes - no longer exist because everyone has iPods nowadays.
Where is the food store?
I'm tired.
I'll read anything, I don't care.
I can't believe there has not been a decision yet.
You said you wanted to punish him/her so go ahead don't dismiss it.
You don't want anything?
You don't want anything?
No, I can't believe he/she is guilty.
What's the name of the city where BU is? Oh it's Boston?
Just so you know, your fingerspelling is lousy.
I am warm too.
Your family, specifically your parents, are important.
Two plus one equals six. No, two plus one equals three.
Do you want anything?
I'll follow whatever, I don't care.
I can't believe John didn't buy the turkey.
I can't believe it's not raining. I'm surprised.
No, I told her that it was fine.
I'm happy.
No, I like anything, I don't care.
I doubt that the two of them have decided what to do yet, and I'm confused by that.
I think Obama will win again.
It's illegal to not have a tax.
You are breaking the rules if there is no tax.
You don't want anything.
I can't believe he/she is not guilty. I thought he/she was guilty.
What's the name of the city where BU is? Bustun? No, it's Boston.
No, when it does not snow, school will still be in session.
No, he/she did not come home.
If it's raining, I"m staying home.
When it snows, school is cancelled.
In event of snow, school is cancelled.
France has a king now?
If it's raining I'm still going outside.
If it snows, school won't be cancelled.
In the event of snow, school is not cancelled.
You're going to the mall today? Can I join? My car has a flat.
If there is no snow, then school will continue.
When there's no snow, my ski trip is cancelled.
No, Mary didn't stop rowing.
If it's raining, I stay home.
When it's raining, I go out, I don't stay home.
If it snows, school is cancelled.
Yes, he/she talks a lot.
Obama is from Philadelphia.
Now France's king is bald.
If it snows, school is not cancelled.
School will continue if it snows. It won't be cancelled.
No, it didn't rain.
I stay home when it rains.
When it happens to rain, I stay home.
When it snows, school is cancelled.
Mary never started rowing.
France`s king is bald. No, that's not true.
If it's raining, I'm not going out.
When it rains, I still go out.
When it snows, school is not cancelled.
No, he's not from Philadelphia.
Bob doesn't know president Silber because he isn't the president anymore.
In the event of no snow, there is still school.
If there is no snow, school will continue.
In the event of no snow, my trip has to be cancelled.
When there is no snow, my (starts signing "trip") ski trip will be cancelled.
John didn't break the window Sally did.
If it's raining, I stay home.
If it snows, school is cancelled.
Is France's current king bald? No...
John didn't break the window, he cracked it.
France's king is bald.
Is the king of France bald? No, France doesn't have a king now.
If it snows, school still won't be cancelled.
Did John break the window?  no, he broke the door.
Does your car have a flat? No, it doesn't.
John broke the window?
I stay home when it rains.
If there is no snow, my trip is cancelled.
If there is no snow I will cancel my ski trip.
No, Mary didn't quit rowing.
When it rains, I'm not staying home, I'm going out.
If it snows, school is cancelled.
When it snows, school isn't cancelled.
Obama isn't from Philadelphia, he's from Chicago.
Mother has to clean the kitchen soon because a group of friends are coming over for the weekend.
The park is crowded because the kids love playing there.
I like the beach better than the lake because the beach has waves, while the lake has none.
My friend loves to go outside because he loves camping.
My friend is an expert at making bonfires because he was a Boy Scout growing up.
My friend is leaving when?  Uh, tomorrow.
Mother has to go to the store because I need to go food shopping.
In my freshman year, my friends were shocked when they saw that I was bald because of the tradition at Gallaudet University.
My friend left because she`s bored.
My friend went out to a party.
My neighbor just adopted puppies because they have children.
Father arrives home late because he had to finish work.
The deaf person is signing over there but you are also hearing the voice of the interpreter over here.
The sound of their voice helps you to make a connection to who they are but now,
There are real implications behind the value of speech culture and what it means when it's given a voice.
It's like ventriloquism when they transfer their voice to the puppet.
The voice can tell you if a person is intelligent, whether or not they went to college and whether or not they went to a high ranking college.
So when you meet a deaf person and have an experience where you encounter them and they don't talk, you try to figure them out.
... whose voice it is when the sound is coming from a different direction
If you speak fast it means that you're smart, witty, smooth, and have a sharp mind.
and an interpreter over here and they feel the experience of tracking who is speaking.
Analyzing information from a voice that tells their character, their personality, and their job. You may also be able to tell a person's size, height, weight, age, race, gender, sexual orientation...
People who watch silent films can't hear it but can imagine a strong, heavy baritone voice from that swashbuckler character.
We have our own idea of what our speech means.
Even the tempo and speed of your voice, provides information.
This is connected to the voice itself, and it is displayed like a print within voice identity.
When you start to visualize the character and their culture, you begin to give them a voice.
and even worse, whose is the voice that you're associating with a persona.
Suppose a deaf person is signing and the signing is really heavy.
That identity is given to the deaf person.
When you look at a person and they are talking slow, you wonder why. You think that they must be dimwitted and have a slower mind.
When it was time for his voice test, his voice didn't match the character. Things weren't like they used to be and his career slumped.
That person doesn't match up to what you visualized and as you look up and down at that person, you are still in awe.
For example, in New York, the people there speak quickly.
How do I trust them if I don't know who they are?
So that experience is really off and it's a different orientation.
Wow there are a lot of different experiences.
The voice holds the identity, and that identity is what gets associated with the deaf person.
The voice is really important because it gives a lot of information about individual people, and that's the focus of cultural orientation.
You can imagine that the voice matches; you can't hear it but that's the voice you give to the character.
It reflects that the concept that a person's identity can be found in the tempo of their speech.
There is a lot of information from the voice. When a person hears the speech of another, they can tell who that person is and the identity of that person.
Many people were shocked when they found out that the person and the voice didn't match up, especially John Gilbert, who was one character that was mentioned.
When on the phone the person may perceive who they're talking to as being tall, smart, good looking and nice. They agree to meet the person the next day near the train and hang up
It's not my personal meaning system but it stems from social history.
A long time ago, there were silent movies. People would arrive it was to be in the silent movie, but then it changed and voice was added so people the audition necessarily included a voice test.
Oftentimes, people who have experience  talking on the phone, visualize what the person they're talking to might look like.
a deaf person approches you and they don't talk, suppose they're mute, and you're trying to figure them out.
This can be awkward for them especially when a deaf person is over there...
It's a concept where you figure out how to identify who...
For example, in some areas of the world, people have a strong tendency to talk fast.
People in that orientation field often have an awkward experience when meeting deaf people.
That experience of conflict of trying to figure out the voice of the interpreter and compare it to the deaf person signing, happens often.
John's voice was a good match to the character he played. His character in the movie was that of a swashbuckler.
That happens from time to time in different instances.
Who are you?
You will imagine that that person has a character associated with a high pitched tone.
The next day, they arrive in the train area and keep looking for a tall person.
They start to ask the question of who are you and compare it to what they know from their own culture.
The voice can be used to determine a variety of information such as your work. From the moment you speak, people already know your identity and can judge who you are based on your voice.
you already have a system set up of what it means when someone doesn't speak.
Bauman mentioned the concept of separating interpreting and ventriloquism.
I can't even analyze your identity through your voice.
but the interpreter is speaking with a very high pitched voice.
A lot of Deaf people experience trying to control their voice and the conception of their voice. They try to make voice accommodations.
The first topic relates to the voice -the role of the voice in an audio vocal oriented culture, It is very powerful.
When someone taps your shoulder and you look, and it is a short person saying "Hello I'm meeting..." and you're surprised because what you see is different than what you visualized.
Do you like Boston?
"Pete doesn't know how to use a computer." "No, Pete is a genius. He has three computers at home."
Does Jack have money?
When Jack went out, did he see something strange?
Who bought the car?
Which college does Mary go to?
Why is dad upset? I have no idea...
Who is Liz's famous sister?
"I suggest that you don`t fly with American Airlines because their plane tickets are expensive."  "No. Well, yes, they are probably expensive but if they are really expensive, I`m stuck because they are the only one with a direct flight from Boston to Miami."
Would the game finish before six?
Does the party tonight start at 8 or 9?
Is Bill planning on moving to New York?
"The water I drank tasted funny." "No it tastes normal to me."
Did Jack and Sue already meet?
You'll see Mary at the party. Would you tell her to call me?" "I doubt that I'll be going out but if I see her I will tell her to call you."
Someone bought the car. Who was it?
Who arrived late?
Where did Sue move?
"He/she shouldn't go to the baseball game because it's going to rain." "No, it's not going to rain, and even if it did, the baseball game wouldn't be cancelled."
"It never snows here in Boston." "Yes, it snows a lot in Boston. Have you spent a winter here before?"
"You are afraid of heights, right?" "No, I'm not afraid of heights. Why would you think that?
Did someone win the lottery?
Who found my keys?
"We will serve peanut butter to everyone that likes it." "No, Beth is allergic to peanut butter. She can't eat it so we can't serve it."
Who loves Bill?
How many children does Phil have?
Don`t eat cookies with butter. Well, I like cookies, but if they have butter, I still don`t care.
Are Jen and Joe married?
You look like you don't feel good. Are you okay - what's wrong?
What kind of car did you buy yesterday?
Are you going to school tomorrow?
If there is warm weather then there won't be snow.
The train may be late if it's raining.
If mom comes, I have to clean the house.
If you study consistently, you will ace the class.
Are you watching the football game?
Do you like class?
If you work hard, the boss will like you.
Do you have class tomorrow?
If you plan ahead of time you can save money.
Do you like work?
Are you hot or cold?
Who does he/she like?
If it snows tomorrow, then it's a guarantee that school will be closed.
If all the students arrive on time, there won't be a test.
I hope there's pineapple cream cheese.
I'm serious, the car is broken. I tried the key but it isn't working.
No, I did use the right key. The car is broken.
If it's snowing outside a lot, will school be cancelled?
When it snows out a lot school closes right?
No, not pineapple cream cheese. Lox is better for me, that's it.
The teacher didn't make the reading required. It's uncertain whether or not John will read the book now.
If my mom says I can go to the concert, I'll be thrilled.
I already know that there's pineapple cream cheese.
No, I don't have a car.
If there's no snow outside then normally school isn't cancelled.
If it stops snowing outside then school will reopen tomorrow.
I won't be thrilled if there's pineapple cream cheese.
No, I don't like pineapple cream cheese. I prefer lox.
I will be thrilled if I see my friend tomorrow.
I'm letting you know that the car is broken down, I used the the right key.
If it's snowing out, then school is cancelled.
Who went out when it was raining?
The teacher made the reading required for John so he had to read the book.
If you're arriving late, it's fine. I just have to call the restauarnt and postpone the reservation.
If all the students pass the test, then there will be no school tomorrow.
If the teacher requires John to do it,  John will read the book.
No, I don't have a car.
I don't have a car at all.
If there's no snow outside, normally school will be open.
I wish there was pineapple cream cheese.
I really do have pineapple cream cheese.
The teacher didn't make the reading required so John didn't read.
You're wrong, that is not pineapple cream cheese. I prefer lox.
I'm excited for when my friend and I go to the concert.
No, I wouldn't stop vomiting if I had pineapple cream cheese. Lox only is fine with me.
You are wrong. No, I prefer lox, I don`t like pineapple cream cheese.
No, I would not stop vomitting if I ate pineapple cream cheese. I prefer lox.
Nope, I don't have a car.
I arrived school late because I was in a bike accident.
When my friend calls me on the video phone, the lights flash on and off.
When my friend is surfing the Internet, I remind him about his unfinished homework.
When Bob arrives at the party, everyone has to spray him with silly string and tease him.
When my friend is tired of driving, we will switch.
If my friend goes out to a party, I will join them for sure.
When do you start travelling?
Where do you plan to travel?
Who is going fishing?
When are your friends going fishing?
When did your friend start driving?
Has your friend experienced travelling?
Is the video game easy to beat?
My friend is surfing the web.
Did your friend drive?
My friend goes out fishing.
My friend loves the Internet because there are many different websites.
I work all night because I need the extra money.
Once my friend starts playing video games, he is hooked to it all night until his eyes pop out.
If my friend goes out fishing, I have to monitor the weather to make sure it`s fine for fishing.
Why is your friend addicted to the Internet?
What do you usually do on the Internet?
When did you graduate high school?
Why don`t you like that video game?
Why do you work all night?
Does your friend love surfing the Internet?
Will Bob be surprised at his surprise party?
My friend is playing video games.
My friend loves travelling, especially in Asian countries because there`s more of a variety of things to do, compared to other countries.
My friend plays video games all day because he does nothing else.
If my friend finishes his homework early, he will surf the Internet all night.
If I go to a public school, it is guaranteed that I won`t pay attention because there is no communication.
When I arrive school, I have to text my mother to tell her I`ve arrived safely.
My friend drives.
My friend goes out to a party.
If my friend goes out to a party, my roommate and I will join.
Do you really need to video phone? Why not page?
Who is planning to surprise Bob?
I work.
When does the party start?
Is the video phone clear?
Is your friend`s party good?
My friend is currently planning a surprise event.
My friend loves to go fishing because he loves to eat fish.
My friend is planning to surprise Bob because he's turning 21.
Once my father starts playing video games, I tend to go to my room because it`s boring to watch him and he doesn`t know how to play video games.
When my friend goes out fishing, the fish has to go in the bucket immediately so it will be fresh.
If Bob is surprised at his surprise party, it is commendable because it is difficult to surprise Bob.
If my friend is driving, I sleep in the back seat.
Why does your friend love travelling?
Where do you work?
Who is driving?
Where is your friend driving to?
When do you graduate?
My friend is calling home on the video phone.
My friend prefers video phone over texting because he can use ASL.
My friend has to drive because I`m exhausted.
My friend is going out to a party.
If my friend goes travelling, I just have to join.
When we arrive in India, I have to send my family a postcard thanking them for support.
If I arrive at work late, my boss will undoubtedly fire me.
If my boss summons me, everyone will know I`m in trouble.
Where is the video phone that you want?
What time is the surprise party?
Which high school did you go to?
What kind of a party is it?
When do you start work?
Does your friend really love surfing the internet?
Do you have to work all night?
Is it fun going fishing with your friends? (starts out signing "fishing" but repairs to "friend")
Now I am studying to go to school.
My friend travels.
No, he/she didn't stop.
My pay increased a little bit.
He/She isn't guilty.
He/She didn't finish because he/she was laying around.
I'm not skilled.
Did I say John? Oh, I made that up. I meant James.
He/she doesn't want anything? I doubt that. I think he/she wants something.
It's raining so much. Wow.
I automatically keep information in the back of my mind.
It doesn't matter to me. I like anything.
The box isn't small it's large.
It hasn't rained recently.
It wasn't me who started to open the can.
It's not raining outside right now.
I'm not.
I am not warm, I am cold!
I am very unhappy.
I'm not happy.
John didn't buy the turkey.
The boy never goes home.
Is it raining outside? No, because the temperature dropped, it's snowing.
Mary stopped rowing. She's not going to do it any more.
The box is really big, it's not small.
John broke the window.
I didn't wash my clothes.
Wow, I'm really tired.
He/She doesn't want anything?
I doubt that he/she wants anything.
John didn't break the window, Sally did.
The box is small.
The box is not small.
No, I didn't go.
Did Mary stop rowing? No, she's never rowed until now.
Did John read that book? No, he never started it.
I start off warm and then later I get really hot.
I'm not warm, I'm hot.
I'm not tired.
His name is not John...Wow, it's awful.
He/She really feels nothing?
That dog isn't mine.
The box isn't small, it's tiny.
The box is really big.
The boy arrived home.
John didn't buy the turkey.
I didn't see the accident, I was asleep.
John didn't see me.
No, I'm not happy.
I'm not happy, I'm sad.
I don't want anything.
John didn't buy the turkey, James did.
John didn't break the window, James did.
Go home!
It's not raining outside. Oh,wait a minute.
I like chocolate cereal but there isn't any. Why is that?
The sister doesn't like chocolate cereal.
The weather is lousy today.
There is no homework today.
Dad likes chocolate cereal.
Dad is like me. He likes chocolate cereal.
Mary is a vegetarian.
Mom likes surprises.
No, I don't like chocolate cereal.
The weather today is beautiful.
No, Mary is not a vegetarian.
The weather today isn't lousy, it's fine.
Mom doesn't like surprises.
The weather isn't beautiful today.
I like pineapple cream cheese.
Why isn't there any pineapple cream cheese?
No, your sister doesn't like pineapple cream cheese.
Yes, I like pineapple cream cheese.
My father and I are alike. We both like pineapple cream cheese.
No! I don't like pineapple cream cheese.
I prefer lox cream cheese.
If that is pineapple cream cheese then I won't eat the bagel.
I agree with you. If that's pineapple cream cheese then I won't eat the bagel.
Thirdly, the hospital often will discuss about the communication options.
It seems that parents must choose one between oralism, cochlear implant, sign language or cued-speech. They can't pick all of the options.
It is very intimidating. There will be seven professionals informing the two parents that their child seem to be sick or have the "cancer".
That's how powerful the language is.
We will be talking about early intervention now. When parents gives a birth to a baby, the baby would go to a hearing screening.
One group would use the word HIT; other group uses SMASHED; and another group uses COLLIDED. I think there are four or five different words/groups.
Then they would ask the HIT group about the car and whether if the glass was broken.
There is another research in Australia with the similar idea.
There are two groups with same guidelines. One group has Deaf professionals being involved, while another group did not.
The researches have proven that a child with a Deaf mentor often perform better. There is a research that studies two groups from Utah and Tennessee.
The early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist.
Why don't we discuss it as the journey through experience?
Ask the next group how fast were the cars going before they COLLIDED.
It seems like the hospital needed to intervene because the parents were doing lousy job with their child.
The baby is just deaf. It's not their fault, they're doing perfectly fine.
Of course the parents would be scared. "I am sorry" is never a good thing.
Similarly, the study asks them how fast were the cars going before they crashed into each other.
The study notices how the HIT group thinks that the glass wasn't broken at all.
Then they regathered the groups a week later and asked them some questions.
Therefore, overall, there's a missing link. If we change that, it will influence the deaf children to develop better.
They often use the word "diagnosis" It's very negative and it's used for more negative references, such as sickness or cancer. Or maybe terminal illness.
It makes sense because the parents will learn from the Deaf mentor after including him/her in the family. The parents will start to realize how important it is to involve in the Deaf community.
Parents cannot simply rely on a Deaf mentor. They must do more such as being involved in the Deaf community.
A Deaf role model who has been trained can show the parents that he/she is perfectly fine.
He/she can read and write. He/she can communicate. He/she can work. He/she has an education. There's a long list of that and he/she is perfectly fine.
That makes it to seem like an opportunity to do more than one.
They really can do all of the options. One family can choose to use sign language, and if another family wants to use speech, that's fine.
Why don't they use a word like "identified" as in "I've identified this child deaf"? Now it does not seem bad at all.
Now parents often would start considering discussing with the hospital for the early intervention. But the word makes it seems like they are intervening.
The screening shows that the baby is deaf.
Or ask the COLLIDED group about the car and if the glass was broken?
The parents of the group with Deaf professionals would get through the grief progress quicker and usually be able to move on quickly.
Both locations had the same number of meetings; same occurences of home visits; same kind of school; and the same resources.
Except for Utah group, the child had a Deaf mentor, while the group from Tennessee did not.
It would turn into a positive thing.
Often in the meeting; all people in the room are hearing except for the baby.
The car was going around 20 mph when it smashed. The SMASHED group said they think the car's glass was broken and it was going around 60 mph. But, actually, the glass wasn't broken at all.
Why don't we use "early involvement", which means involving the parents by sharing the resources and working together; and not intervening them.
Then they would refer the parents to the early intervention professionals.
The meeting will include a specialist, audiologist, doctor, nurse, counselor, and social worker. There are seven specialists for only two parents. Wow.
Car was going only twenty to thirty MPH. It shows how the language influences individuals' answers even though they all were watching the same video clip.
For example, they used different words for each group while asking them the questions.
Be friends with their child's friend's parents. It's important to be connected and they must collaborate with others.
The parents will realize and embraces the situation more calmly. Without a Deaf role model, we are missing the link of connection between the parents and the Deaf person.
The doctors often would say "We should discuss the grief progress. Here's the social worker and counselor, they will help you to nagivate the grief progress."
The parents might will perceive this as something they should to be upset about.
Or they will ask another group SMASHED about the car and whether if the glass was broken.
So, for the HIT group, they asked them how fast were the cars going before they HIT?
"Intervention" implies the need of intervening such as an intervention for drug addicts, stopping something from happening, or when a kid is not behaving well.
The first thing the doctor and nurse would say to the parents would be "I am sorry." It's an automatic negative. "I am sorry that your child is Deaf".
Ask another group, the CRASHED group about the car and whether if the glass is broken.
Not just in the hospitals, but in general.
There is one interesting study. What the study did they grouped people together and have them watch a video clip of car accident.
I will talk about the early invention field and how hospitals deal with informing the parents when the child is Deaf.
There are so many things that are wrong with the system.
When a deaf child does not have a Deaf mentor, the family will continue to be disappointed and their grief will last longer.
So, the family must have a Deaf role model supporting them.
The study noticed that the Deaf child from Utah resulted in better social, emotion and cognitive developments.
We should bring in the Deaf mentor to meet the parents.
I will list some. For example, the power of language in hospitals.
While for the deaf babies, they are not any of them.
It's important that the child signs. Hospitals don't use 'communication opportunities' as their word choices.
The article you wrote for the Boston Globe was good.
Have Jack and Sue met?
American Airlines isn't that expensive, but if it was, then I'd be stuck because it's the only airline that flies between Boston and Florida.
No, I've never run a marathon before, and I don't plan to start now.
Your mom will love the gift you just bought for her.
When does the party start, at 8 or 9?
There's no book on the table.
No, no one has found the umbrella, it's still missing.
No, he`s not a vegetarian; he eats meat.
I met a lot of interesting people last night.
The watch that my brother just found is real gold!
I don't know if my sister likes Boston.
Where did Sue move to?
No, I'm not scared of heights. What makes you think that?
No, the movie starts at 10.
No, that's not Sarah Jessica Parker, that was Sarah Palin, they're different.

Who was it that just bought a car?
Yes, I do have homework. I need to write a three-page report.
No, today's Thursday, which means tomorrow's Friday.
No, I'm going to Hawaii for spring break.
No, it`s beautiful outside! The sun`s shining and it`s warm and beautiful!
Wow, that coat you just bought looks warm!
No, my roommate wasn`t arrested; I just had breakfast with her.
Who arrived late?
Oh no, if there's a hurricane, the game is definitely cancelled.
No, he's only 5'6", he's short.
No, I just came back from dinner. They had no ice cream.
The DVD that Netflix sent me was all scratched up.
The driver of the car that rear-ended me at a red light was talking on the phone at the time.
Which famous actor is Liz related to?
How many kids does Phil have?
Pete loves computers; he has three set up one next to the other at home!
No, it won't rain, but if it does the game will be cancelled for sure.
No, I just finished homework.
That dog that's chasing the cat isn't mine.
Which one of you found my keys?
No, Mitt Romney is a Mormon, but Rick Perry isn't.
That student who was on the quiz show didn't win.
Will Bill move to New York?
We can't give out peanut butter, Beth is deathly allergic to peanuts,
Have you ever lived through a winter in Boston? It snows a lot!
No, he lost all the games.
Does Jack have money?
Did Jack see something weird while he was waiting outside?
I like it, if it has butter, I'm fine with that.
I don't think he was planning to go, but if I see him, I'll have him call you.
No, I wasn't old enough to vote at that time.

The man who broke into a house in Newton is probably the same person who broke into a house in Brookline,
Why is Jack nauseated?
What kind of car did he buy?
Oh no, my mom hates surprises.
No, we do have class next week.
No, I just came back from dinner. They had ice cream.
Jim threatened to sue the man who punched him.
Why is father upset?
I just drank it and it tastes fine.
No, he lives in a small apartment in the city.
The game finishes before 6? What time?
Are Jen and Joe married?
Someone found my keys, who was it?
Who bought a car?
Cool? No, McDonald's is a fast food resteraunt, they give out hamburgers.
The man who was just thrown out of the plane was Alec Baldwin.
The cat that my neighbor found was small and hungry.
Which college did Mary go to?
Who fell in love with Bill?
What? No, right now we're in an economic crisis.
I thought it was terribly boring.
Who bought a car?
When Bob enters the surprise party, everyone will spray silly string at him.
If I went to a public school, I will not pay attention because of the lack of communication.
When did you graduate high school?
Who's driving?
My friends are planning a surprise event.
Where did you put the tree?
I love you because you are so good at making people laugh.
When my friend starts to surf the Internet, I have to tell him to do homework.
Why is your friend addicted to surfing the internet?
What are you looking at on the internet?
When do you start work?
Why do you work all night?
Did my friend drive?
Back in high school, my mom would wake me up every morning because I didn't feel the alarm and slept through it.
I arrived at school late because I got into a bicycle accident.
My friend loves traveling all over. His favorite place is Asia because their food is delicious.
When my boss calls me, everyone looks at me and they know I'm in trouble.
Have the friends traveled before?
Is that videogame easy to beat?
Where is the grocery store?
If my friends are traveling, I have to join them.
When I arrive at India, I have to send a letter to my parents thanking them for supporting my travels expenses.
When do you start travelling?
When did my friends start driving?
My friends are playing video games.
People aren't using records anymore because they have iPods now.
Last night, I played basketball with friends. It was a close game and we barely beat them, 30-28.
My friends get together to go out because there is a party.
If my friend is sick of driving, we will switch and I will drive.
Who is going out fishing?
I'm working.
When are the friends going fishing?
You have to work all night?
Was the fishing trip with friends fun?
My friends are going out to a party together.
My friend, if he has nothing to do, he will play video games all day.
My friend likes to use the Internet because he uses Google Chrome and it is fast.
How much is that TV?
If my friend succesfully surprises Bob, kudos to him because it`s nearly impossible to surprise Bob!
Where did you go to high school?
My friend is driving.
Do your friend love surfing the internet on their laptop?
What's your job?
When my father starts to play video games, I go upstairs because it's boring to watch him play.
When a friend calls me via VP, the lights flash on and off.
Where do you want the video phone?
What kind of party is it?
My friends tend to surf the internet on their laptops.
My mother loves glasses because she looks cool in them.
During the winter, I tend to get sick a lot because I tend to wear flip flops.
My friends got together and planned to surprise Bob for his 21st.
If I arrive to work late, my boss will fire me.
Did you graduate high school?
Who is cooking dinner?
Where did you buy the car?
When I arrive at school, I let my mom know that I have arrived at school safely.
Why do you hate video games?
Why is your group of friends travelling?
Where did the friends drive to?
I am going to school.
My friends are travelling together.
Mac beats PC because Mac is good at suiting people`s needs.
If my friend finishes his homework early, it is guaranteed he will be surfing the Internet all night long.
My friend has to drive because I am tired.
If my friend drives, I will sit in the back and sleep.
Where do you work?
Was my friends' party good?
Those kids hate the principal because if they don`t do homework, he will yell at them.
One time, I missed my morning class because I accidentally over slept.
My friend likes to VP rather than text because he likes to communicate in ASL.
If my friends are going fishing, I will check the weather report to make sure it's okay.
My friend caught a fish. I hurried and got a bucket and filled it with water to put the fish in to save the fish for dinner.
Who is planning to surprise Bob?
What time does the surprise party start?
Is the video phone clear?
My friends are going fishing.
Where are you going?
When do you finish work?
If my friend starts to play video games, he will continue until his eyes fall out!
Where do you plan to travel?
Why do you have to use the video phone? Can't you text?
When does the party start?
My friends are videophoning from home.
I love movies. My favorite is comedy or horror movies.
I went ahead and worked all night. It was an opportunity to make more money.
My friend loves going fishing because he loves fresh fish for dinner.
If my friends are going to the party, I will join.
When my friends are  leaving to go to the party, I will let my roommate know that I will be joining them.
Will Bob be surprised by the surprise event?
I got a B on last week's test.
I'm going out again next week to spend all my money.
I already went out and saw the movie.
I hope I pass the test next week.
I'm going to the movies again next week.
This week I didn't save money.
I'm studying this week for the test.
I just arrived now.
I hope John arrives on time next week.
Last week John arrived late.
Tonight, I'm going to a movie.
I went shopping and spent two hundred dollars.
John has been treating Mary awfully and I just want her to break up with him.
If you win the lottery, will you go to Jamaica?
If I don't study, I will fail.
If I don't study, I will fail.
Who bought the flowers?
Near the end of the semester, I cannot socialize as much.
He/She will buy flowers for you, for sure.
I don't even have one dollar.
I don't have any money.
If John did that to me, we would have broken it off a long time ago.
If I don't study, I will fail.
Where do we go if there's an emergency?
Who bought the flowers?
If I don't read, I will be bored.
There is always a pop quiz on the days I choose not to study.
If it happens to rain I won't have an umbrella.
Why didn't you buy car insurance?
I can never find an umbrella when it rains.
Even if you make only one tiny mistake, it will be tossed out.
What is that for?
When I don't study, there is always a pop quiz.
He/She will for sure give him/her flowers.
If I don't have any money, I go to my aunt's house and eat there.
Many different experiences with discovering the meanings of them.
They will start to have the understanding by learning through experiences. We often use the Deaf people's experience through narratives to discuss the understanding of the American culture.
The set up of the two categories was based on Edward Hall's analysis from the idea he presented years ago.
They are basically based on the idea of how human language is expressed.
And how they coped and navigated through the world and the feedbacks they received from others.
However, more importantly, they also live in a different sensory world.
There are two different orientation paths, they are based on what?
His idea was the basis for different cultures and their ways to interpret or give meaning to different sensory experiences.
However, when the speech is used, they also use the gestures. It goes the same with sign language using the voice in their language.
The idea of the primary system for both spoken and sign language is set in their own ways.
It can be expressed through speech or through sign language.
The idea is basically how the two modalities are different based on their primary message system and how people express them.
We will expand on the voice and control of sounds in connection with the experiences.
The first one is the voice and the second one is the control of sounds.
The second part of this article is titled Sensory Orientation.
Most of it is focused on American culture and how people interpret or give meaning to different noises and voices.
In 1982, Edward Hall wrote about it, as he quoted.
People from different cultures don't just speak different languages.
The previous issue in DESDJ volume one number one, focused on visual feeling specifically the tactile orientation.
There are a lot of key points to cover related to the audio vocal orientation concept.
Now as we move on to the next topic we will talk specifically about the audio vocal orientation.
The testimonies as well. It's becoming to be like a bricolage, but we collect and organize the deaf experiences instead.
But, for the purpose of this, I would like to focus on two things.
Now I would like to focus on audio vocal orientation. They are based on how the specfifc culture...
Now, on a related topic, how do the deaf people's experiences were included in that world?
... while I was growing up until I was six  and a half years old.
We were okay with it, so that`s when my family moved there.
I moved into the dorm again. During that time, my parents had been living where they were for more than seven years, but I had already left home before that.
I never lived in a house...
so I didn`t need to worry about attending a hearing school or a Deaf school.
My mother taught my two brothers and me, so it was easier for us to move around.
There's something strange about myself.
Because his job involved a big project located south, in New York.
That went on for around six years.
So we moved south to New York
So basically, I almost never went home to except for vacations or long weekends, that`s when I would commute. But, most of the time I stayed in Rochester...
So, we agreed with the decision and went ahead and moved south to New York; it was around an hour north of NYC.
So, the family in fact move here, and I took the opportunity to move in and live with my family at the new house in Rochester.
So, may seem like I stayed there longer than seven years.    But then it hit me...
I was like, Oh, wow, that`s fine. He wanted to transfer to Rochester because he wanted to work at RIT too.
... for more than seven years.
When I was nearly all done with RIT. after about my third year. my father sensed that he had pretty much had it with IBM; he wanted to retire and change his career.
Since then, I have lived there for around almost three years.
... for two years, when I was a junior and then a senior in high school. After I graduated from high school, I went to R.I.T., Rochester Institute of Technology.
So, it wasn't worth it for him to commute frequently for a long distance, it was better for the family to move away.
I lived there in a house with my parents and two brothers...
I decided I wanted to transfer  to the Rochester Institute.
My parents were alright with it. I transferred to RSD, I stayed in the dorm.
My family decided to move to Vermont because my father got a job transfer with IBM.
I guess I should`ve been moving away again, but my parents were okay with the same job.
I graduated recently, so that`s means I`ll be looking for a job, probably I`ll move away, so I won't have lived there for seven years.   Now, I`m wondering from now on with the new job does that mean I might be moving around again for the next seven years or less?   So I`m wondering, let`s see, oh well.
I wanted to be involved in sports and after-school activities, plus many other things. I wanted to be more socialized. So,
Still when I was twelve and a half years old, after six and a half years in all, my father found out that he would have to move away again
But, you might wonder how I managed, with moving frequently, well I was home schooled.
I grew up there between the age of six and a half and thirteen.
I was born in Florida.
It's not necessary for the ranges considered to be acceptable to be the same all over the the world.
In the field of audiovocal orientation, they have their own way of viewing the role of voice range...
Some cultures have more expanded range norms than others, but all of them have range expectations.
and noise range. There are more things on the list, but I am focusing here on those two, with respect to acceptable ranges.
If there's no voice, that means there's no identity.
When it's loud, it can be seen as a lack of politeness, as barbaric.
They exceed normal voice ranges, which gives rise to various interpretations.
People make different judgments that are in conflict, giving rise to sensory politics.
Whoever makes this kind of judgment enters into sensory politics.
What happens in groups of people who have a visual-tactile oriented way of life is that they have their own habits, but they break many voice range rules when they join different groups.
Or perhaps there's something wrong with the voice, or the person will be thought to be slow-minded.
This happens when people don't know about the differences in sensory orientation.
Should I buy shorts?
Does my sister want a headband for her birthday?
Did dad mow the lawn?
My aunt makes the best blueberry pie.
I invited my friends to a barbeque party.
Father is mowing the grass.
Is the library closed?
Is it raining outside?
My friend went ahead and hosted a pizza dinner because he loves pizza.
I commute to work by bike because I can't afford a car.
Did my friend go ahead with crashing the party?
Are the clothes on sale?
I moved out of San Diego.
The horses played on the farm.
Did I buy the book yet? No, I will buy it tomorrow.
When my computer breaks down and I don't know what to do, I'll ask someone for help.
Mom is sick because she recently took care of her sick friend.
Father must mow the lawn soon because we are having a barbeque party.
Is playing frisbee fun?
Should I host a barbeque party?
Did Bob give the rose to his sweetheart?
I commute to work by bike.
If it's raining tomorrow, I'll stay home.
Once I finish work, I'm going home.
Bob read a book.
Do you enjoy talking with them two?
Did you already move to San Diego?
Is bad weather coming to Boston?
Does your family go on vacation every year?
I need to buy shorts.
Bad weather will come to Boston soon.
Is the water cold?
The students must learn to listen to the teacher because the teacher is in charge.
Do you know where to go?
My friends crashed the party.
Where should the tree be? Next to the garage.
Bob sent a letter.
I missed last months rent so now I have to pay double.
Do I look good in this plaid shirt?
Is mom sick?
Friends go together to the beach to lay out in the sun and tan.
Friends play frisbee.
Mom is sick.
Did you buy a book?
Was I passed out drunk last night?
Will you host a pizza dinner?
Did Bob arrive at the post office?
Is that the only one horse playing on the farm?
The bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance.
My friend wants to buy a plaid shrit because his friend invited him to a costume party.
I enjoyed talking with the two of them.
I need to buy shorts because it's hot outside.
My family vacation every year is in Florida because everyone loves the sun.
Bob has a big dog.
Bob went to the post office.
Was the movie good? Yes it was wonderful.
Is it raining outside? No, it's beautiful and warm outside.
The teacher must clean the classroom everyday so that when the students come to class it will be clean.
Is it healthy to lay out and tan?
Did Bob send the letter?
Did the students really listen to the teacher?
I am introducing you to a new friend.
Ask for directions. Where do I go?
My sister wants a headband for her birthday because her hair is long and she wants a headband to keep it in place.
Bob frequently gives his sweetheart roses.
Bob has a big dog because he loves to wrestle with it.
Did the bride and groom like their wedding?
Did I already pay the rent?
My sister went water tubing.
My friend wanted to buy a plaid shirt.
My aunt is making blueberry pie.
I need to pay rent.
Did Donna give you the money?
The bride and groom danced at their wedding by picking their song.
I enjoyed chatting with those two because we talked about ASL.
Bob needs to go to the post office to buy stamps.
The horse runs on the farm because it can't race.
Bob wrote and sent a love letter to his wife because their anniversary is coming up soon.
Did the group of friends arrive at the movie theater?
Have you met my new friend?
Your friend is messed up. He looks awful.
I was drunk last night.
The clothes are on sale.
Friends go out to the movie theater.
What time does mom finish work? At 2pm.
My aunt is an expert at making blue berry pies because she grew up making them.
I'm moving to San Diego because I got a new job offer.
Does your sister like water tubing?
Does Bob like reading books?
The clothes are on sale because they used to be expensive.
Did the teacher clean the classroom?
I like fireworks.
The teacher cleans the classroom.
If I fail a test, my mom will blow her top.
Was your friend messed up?
Does Bob have a big dog?
My sister wants a headband for her birthday.
My friend was f**ked up last night because he drank too much.
My family goes on vacation every year.
My friend was passed out drunk because he drank too much on his birthday.
The group of friends go to the movie theater together to see Harry Potter 7 that just came out.
I introduced you to my new friend because he seemed lonely.
Was the movie good?
Bob gave a rose to his wife because it's their anniversary today.
Bob loves reading books because he can visualize what happens in the stories.
Do you commute to work by bike?
Do you like fireworks?
Friends hosted a pizza dinner.
The students listen to the teacher.
My friend just crashed a party because he recently finished his last exam.
Ask for directions because I don't know where to go.
Bad weather is coming to Boston because the city is close to the ocean.
That first pathway has a visual-tactile orientation. The other path is audiovocal.
They talk about the superiority of vision, and the "tyranny of the hegemony of sound".
Deaf people made progress with the growth of signing.  The progress could have been greater, but it wasn't permitted.
The Deaf experience has been shown to be really different. The Deaf experience the dominance of sound around them.
It's possible to enable people to learn about different orientations.
The social institutions influence everything from medication to education. It would be possible to train people to learn to see things in a different way.
Many colleagues in cultural and visual studies discuss the role of the senses in today's world.
The discussion so far then shows two different orientations - in relation to the development of language.
In the hierarchy of the senses, the visual is now placed above sound.
Often because judgments come from the audio-oral perspective, the sensory politics results in judgments of broken sounds and harsh noises, This needs to be improved.
In their lives, all Deaf people really experience the hegemony of sound.
The growth of signing went in one direction; the growth of speaking went in another.
If you win the lottery, we are going to Jamaica.
If I don't study, I am guaranteed to fail.
Who bought flowers?
When it's near the end of the semester, it's impossible to hang out.
He will buy flowers for sure.
I don't even have one dollar!
It's raining and it's impossible to find an umbrella.
I wish John and Mary will stop being in a relationship after seeing John play with her.
If I don't study, I am guaranteed to fail.
There's always a pop quiz when I neglect my studying.
It's raining and it's impossible to find an umbrella.
Who buys flowers?
When I don't have money, I tend to go to my aunt's and eat there.
If I don't have a book to read, I get bored.
After not studying, there's always a pop quiz.
Why didn't you buy car insurance?
If you spell even one word wrong, he will take away points for it!
If John did that to me, I won't be friends with him anymore.
When I don't study, I am guaranteed to fail.
He will buy flowers for sure.
If there's an emergency, where will you go?
I have no money.
The car didn't break down.
Everyday, John drives Mary to work.
I have the right key for the car.
I'm surprised. I can't believe it's not raining. I wonder why.
No, the car is not broken.
The car is broken.
When Mary's car breaks down, John usually gives her a ride to work.
John drives Mary to work.
The car didn't break down. Maybe it ran out of gas.
Does John drive Mary to work? No, he usually drives Amy to work.
John drives Mary to school, not work.
Cousin John's car broke down, do you remember?
No, the car is not broken.
John drives Mary to work everyday.
In the past, John usually drove Mary to work.
The car has gas, I already checked.
It's not raining.
It didn't even rain a little bit.
John didn't get into an accident with a truck, he got into an accident with another car.
Mary's car broke down. It's fine because John will drive her to work.
John will drive Mary to work.
The car didn't break down, the truck did.
No, the car didn't break down.
The car didn`t break down.
The car broke down.
The car is broken.
The car isn't broken. Are you using the wrong key?
Yes, the car is broken down.
When John goes with Mary, they don't drive. They walk to work.
It wasn't John whose car broke down, it was Mary.
Yes, the car really is broken down.
Mom likes surprises.
John will drive Mary to work.
No, the car didn't break down.
Our cousin, John, broke the truck.
No, the car's not broken.
Why isn't there any chocolate cereal?
My sister doesn't like chocolate cereal.
My dad likes pineapple cream cheese, like me.
Mom hates surprises.
It's not raining.
There's no rain.
John took Mary and drove her to work every day.
The car did not breakdown.
The car has a full tank of gas.
No no no, I hate chocolate cereal.
No, I don't like chocolate cereal.
If it has pineapple cream cheese on it, I won't eat the bagel.
When it has pineapple cream cheese on it, he won't eat the bagel.
Why isnt't there any pineapple cream cheese?
Your sister doesn't like pineapple cream cheese.
The weather is beautiful today.
Mary isn't a vegetarian.
John won't take Mary to work, he usually takes Amy.
John isn't driving Mary to work, he's driving her to school.
No, the car didn't breakdown.
If Mary's car broke down, John would have to take her to work.
No, John didn't break the truck, Mary broke the truck.
The car is really broken!
The car's not broken, there's just no gas.
The car isn't broken, you're using the wrong key.
Hey! I like chocolate cereal.
I don't like pineapple cream cheese.
The weather isn't beautiful today. Oh well.
Wow, it's not raining at all.
John used to take Mary and drive her to work every day.
John is constantly driving Mary to work.
The car broke down.
The car didn't breakdown.
The weather is lousy today.
No, I used the right key.
No, that car isn't broken, the truck is broken.
I can't believe the car broke!
There's no homework today.
I like chocolate cereal.
Hey wait, I do like pineapple cream cheese!
Mary is a vegetarian.
The weather's not lousy today.
John doesn't usually take Mary to work, they usually walk to work together.
Since Mary's car broke, John has been taking her to work.
John got Mary and drove her to work.
John didn't break the truck, he actually destroyed the car.
The car really broke down.
Dad likes chocolate cereal, like me.
I love lox cream cheese.
I do like pineapple cream cheese.
