some boat sank off cape cod ( i think ) .
mother already bought a book yesterday .
some boat sank off cape cod ( i think ) .
some boat sank ( i think ) .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
did someone find a book ?
the teacher gave a book to all the students .
did the student already buy a car yesterday ?
it 's a book the teacher gave the student .
do you see anyone ?
some strange thing / person arrived .
as for the students and ( their ) books , they are exchanging them now .
did you see something / one ?
as for the book ,   mother bought it yesterday ; that 's done .
some strange thing / person arrived .
has the teacher already given books to the students ?
some boat sank near cape cod ( i think ) .
the teacher gave out the books .
do you want tea or coffee ?
did the teacher already buy a house yesterday ?
some strange thing / person arrived .
some ( kind of ) boat sank near cape cod .
some ( kind of ) boat sank off cape cod .
some ( kind of ) boat sank near cape cod .
some strange thing / person arrived .
the students gave their books to the teacher .
which book has the student given to the teacher ?
some boat sank off cape cod ( i think ) .
some strange thing / person arrived .
as for the students , they gave a book to the teacher .
some strange thing / person arrived .
the students gave a book to the teacher .
the deaf community has a wide variety of performance genres , ...
... involves both deaf and hearing characters .
... people , and action .
now , let 's watch some dramas that are somewhat different .
now , here she is !
they involve many characters , ...
... written by rico peterson , ...
so , she will perform an excerpt from that ( rico 's ) play .
one of these pieces , called " seeing place " , ...
... a monologue .
... a long - time actress , has been in numerous dramatic works .
she 'll select one section ...
... everything from short skits to full length plays .
freda norman , ...
... that 's actually a stage presentation which is ...
( the teacher ) will give the book to the student .
the teacher is at the movies .
after the teacher watches the movie he / she will buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
did the student buy many books ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
his father must give john a car .
it 's that student 's father who is buying a house .
will mother buy a house ?
once john had found out that there is a test , he read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
which of those two books did the student give the teacher ?
why does father have to buy that book there ?
what is john reading a book about ?
when john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
it 's mary there to whom john 's father must give a car .
that student 's father will buy a house .
should mother buy a car ?
john should give car to the father .
it 's john 's car i 've never seen .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
it 's that student 's mother who is buying a car .
it 's john who will give a car to ( his ) father .
has john already read the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
it 's john 's father , him , who must give a car to mary .
which house did the student 's father buy ?
what is john reading a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
did the student buy many books ?
john has n't finished reading the book yet .
it 's john 's car i 've never seen .
when did john finish reading the book ?
as for john reading the book , he finished .
will mother buy a house ?   no .
as for john 's car , i 've never seen ( it ) .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , then john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give the car to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father must give a car to john .
mother should not buy that car !
mother is not buying a house .
when john finds out about the test , he will freak out and need to read the book .
will mother buy a house ?   no .
has john read the book ?
when john finds out about the test , he will freak out and need to read the book .
has john already read the book , has he ?
what did john buy yesterday ? books .
who did john see ? mary .
the student has the videotape .
some student has the videotape .
some woman arrived .
who did john see throw the apple ? mary .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought / is buying the blue car .
what did john buy yesterday ? a book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who told bill yesterday ? mary did .
who loves john ?
john should go , he should .
who likes chocolate ?
who did john see throw the apple ? mary .
john should go .
who told bill ? mary did .
who did john see ? mary .
john should go .
john knows the man over there .
you know john ? mary , he loves her .
that used to be john 's car .
john knows the man over there .
john knows that man over there .
who 's car is that ?
is that his father 's car ?
john knows the man over there .
you know john , mary he loves her .
in china , people prefer broccoli over other vegetables .
you know john ? mary loves him .
who does that car belong to ?
that is john 's father 's car .
is that john 's father 's car ?
you know john ?   mary , he loves her .
his / her new car
john knows the man over there .
that is his / her old car .
you know john ?   mary , he loves her .
that is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car was stolen .
i found someone 's book .
who told bill ?   mary .
his / her new car broke down .
well , some woman arrived .
who , who does john love ?
what did john buy yesterday ?   books .
i do n't know .   some woman arrived here .
sue is buying the blue car .
what did john buy yesterday ?   books .
john 's old house was sold yesterday .
john 's brother arrives .
john 's leg hurts .
who did john see , him , who ?
who arrived ?
some woman arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue is buying that blue car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john read a / the book .
frank 's new car broke down .
sue bought ( is buying ) the blue car .
as for john , he likes mary .
john gave some woman over there a book .
john 's leg hurts .
what did john buy yesterday ?   books .
someone 's car was stolen .
john gave that man a new coat .
who did john see , who ?
sue bought ( is buying ) that blue car .
who loves john ?
who did john see , who ?
frank is looking for whose book ?
frank 's car broke down .
john 's brother arrived .
john , he gave a man over there a book .
john read a / the book .
who loves john ?
john gave the man way over there a new coat .
i found someone 's book .
what is it john loves ?
a student , someone , borrowed a videotape .
who did john see throw the apple ?   mary .
who told bill yesterday ?   mary ( did ) .
sue is buying that blue car .
his / her new car broke down .
that woman way over there has a book .
john , he gave the man over there a new coat .
what did john buy yesterday ?   books .
what is it that john likes ?
the person way over there has a book .
who , as for vegetables , prefers potatoes ?
john gave a woman over there a book .
someone arrived here .
john 's mother arrived .   whose mother arrived ?
what did john buy ?   books .
sue bought that blue car .
what is it john loves , what ?
name ?
who told bill yesterday ?   mary ( did ) .
john 's friend has candy .
what is it john loves , what ?
john gave some woman over there a book .
john 's friend has candy .
john gave some woman over there a book .
after he 's done , ( he ) will buy another book .
the teacher wants him to read a lot of books .
if he ca n't finish reading the book , then he will give it back to the teacher .
john is in the house right now reading a book .
his parents give him many books and he reads them everyday .
he loves to read about cars .
the teacher now is at the house there .
does the teacher like chocolate ?
is the teacher in the house there ?
the cars jon gave the teacher , how many cars was it ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine and is now reading a book .
john is giving mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate to john yesterday .
john likes cars and books .
john wo n't like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like to read books .
john likes his father 's house and car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes reading , but does she like movies ? no , she does n't .
is the teacher already in the house ?
john is right now giving chocolate to mother .
when you finish reading the magazine , you will read a book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in ( that ) house there .
father will really like that book , he will .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
father likes john 's house , but does he like john 's car ? no , he does n't .
how many books did john 's father give john ?
mother likes this book .
will john give chocolate to mother ?
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , she will read a book .
john will give chocolate to mother .
the deaf person is signing over there but you are also hearing the voice of the interpreter over here .
the sound of their voice helps you to make a connection to who they are but now ,
there are real implications behind the value of speech culture and what it means when it 's given a voice .
it 's like ventriloquism when they transfer their voice to the puppet .
the voice can tell you if a person is intelligent , whether or not they went to college and whether or not they went to a high ranking college .
so when you meet a deaf person and have an experience where you encounter them and they do n't talk , you try to figure them out .
... whose voice it is when the sound is coming from a different direction
if you speak fast it means that you 're smart , witty , smooth , and have a sharp mind .
and an interpreter over here and they feel the experience of tracking who is speaking .
analyzing information from a voice that tells their character , their personality , and their job . you may also be able to tell a person 's size , height , weight , age , race , gender , sexual orientation ...
people who watch silent films ca n't hear it but can imagine a strong , heavy baritone voice from that swashbuckler character .
we have our own idea of what our speech means .
even the tempo and speed of your voice , provides information .
this is connected to the voice itself , and it is displayed like a print within voice identity .
when you start to visualize the character and their culture , you begin to give them a voice .
and even worse , whose is the voice that you 're associating with a persona .
suppose a deaf person is signing and the signing is really heavy .
that identity is given to the deaf person .
when you look at a person and they are talking slow , you wonder why . you think that they must be dimwitted and have a slower mind .
when it was time for his voice test , his voice did n't match the character . things were n't like they used to be and his career slumped .
that person does n't match up to what you visualized and as you look up and down at that person , you are still in awe .
for example , in new york , the people there speak quickly .
how do i trust them if i do n't know who they are ?
so that experience is really off and it 's a different orientation .
wow there are a lot of different experiences .
the voice holds the identity , and that identity is what gets associated with the deaf person .
the voice is really important because it gives a lot of information about individual people , and that 's the focus of cultural orientation .
you can imagine that the voice matches ; you ca n't hear it but that 's the voice you give to the character .
it reflects that the concept that a person 's identity can be found in the tempo of their speech .
there is a lot of information from the voice . when a person hears the speech of another , they can tell who that person is and the identity of that person .
many people were shocked when they found out that the person and the voice did n't match up , especially john gilbert , who was one character that was mentioned .
when on the phone the person may perceive who they 're talking to as being tall , smart , good looking and nice . they agree to meet the person the next day near the train and hang up
it 's not my personal meaning system but it stems from social history .
a long time ago , there were silent movies . people would arrive it was to be in the silent movie , but then it changed and voice was added so people the audition necessarily included a voice test .
oftentimes , people who have experience   talking on the phone , visualize what the person they 're talking to might look like .
a deaf person approches you and they do n't talk , suppose they 're mute , and you 're trying to figure them out .
this can be awkward for them especially when a deaf person is over there ...
it 's a concept where you figure out how to identify who ...
for example , in some areas of the world , people have a strong tendency to talk fast .
people in that orientation field often have an awkward experience when meeting deaf people .
that experience of conflict of trying to figure out the voice of the interpreter and compare it to the deaf person signing , happens often .
john 's voice was a good match to the character he played . his character in the movie was that of a swashbuckler .
that happens from time to time in different instances .
who are you ?
you will imagine that that person has a character associated with a high pitched tone .
the next day , they arrive in the train area and keep looking for a tall person .
they start to ask the question of who are you and compare it to what they know from their own culture .
the voice can be used to determine a variety of information such as your work . from the moment you speak , people already know your identity and can judge who you are based on your voice .
you already have a system set up of what it means when someone does n't speak .
bauman mentioned the concept of separating interpreting and ventriloquism .
i ca n't even analyze your identity through your voice .
but the interpreter is speaking with a very high pitched voice .
a lot of deaf people experience trying to control their voice and the conception of their voice . they try to make voice accommodations .
the first topic relates to the voice -the role of the voice in an audio vocal oriented culture , it is very powerful .
when someone taps your shoulder and you look , and it is a short person saying " hello i 'm meeting ... " and you 're surprised because what you see is different than what you visualized .
many different experiences with discovering the meanings of them .
they will start to have the understanding by learning through experiences . we often use the deaf people 's experience through narratives to discuss the understanding of the american culture .
the set up of the two categories was based on edward hall 's analysis from the idea he presented years ago .
they are basically based on the idea of how human language is expressed .
and how they coped and navigated through the world and the feedbacks they received from others .
however , more importantly , they also live in a different sensory world .
there are two different orientation paths , they are based on what ?
his idea was the basis for different cultures and their ways to interpret or give meaning to different sensory experiences .
however , when the speech is used , they also use the gestures . it goes the same with sign language using the voice in their language .
the idea of the primary system for both spoken and sign language is set in their own ways .
it can be expressed through speech or through sign language .
the idea is basically how the two modalities are different based on their primary message system and how people express them .
we will expand on the voice and control of sounds in connection with the experiences .
the first one is the voice and the second one is the control of sounds .
the second part of this article is titled sensory orientation .
most of it is focused on american culture and how people interpret or give meaning to different noises and voices .
in 1982 , edward hall wrote about it , as he quoted .
people from different cultures do n't just speak different languages .
the previous issue in desdj volume one number one , focused on visual feeling specifically the tactile orientation .
there are a lot of key points to cover related to the audio vocal orientation concept .
now as we move on to the next topic we will talk specifically about the audio vocal orientation .
the testimonies as well . it 's becoming to be like a bricolage , but we collect and organize the deaf experiences instead .
but , for the purpose of this , i would like to focus on two things .
now i would like to focus on audio vocal orientation . they are based on how the specfifc culture ...
now , on a related topic , how do the deaf people 's experiences were included in that world ?
it 's not necessary for the ranges considered to be acceptable to be the same all over the the world .
in the field of audiovocal orientation , they have their own way of viewing the role of voice range ...
some cultures have more expanded range norms than others , but all of them have range expectations .
and noise range . there are more things on the list , but i am focusing here on those two , with respect to acceptable ranges .
if there 's no voice , that means there 's no identity .
when it 's loud , it can be seen as a lack of politeness , as barbaric .
they exceed normal voice ranges , which gives rise to various interpretations .
people make different judgments that are in conflict , giving rise to sensory politics .
whoever makes this kind of judgment enters into sensory politics .
what happens in groups of people who have a visual - tactile oriented way of life is that they have their own habits , but they break many voice range rules when they join different groups .
or perhaps there 's something wrong with the voice , or the person will be thought to be slow - minded .
this happens when people do n't know about the differences in sensory orientation .
that first pathway has a visual - tactile orientation . the other path is audiovocal .
they talk about the superiority of vision , and the " tyranny of the hegemony of sound " .
deaf people made progress with the growth of signing .   the progress could have been greater , but it was n't permitted .
the deaf experience has been shown to be really different . the deaf experience the dominance of sound around them .
it 's possible to enable people to learn about different orientations .
the social institutions influence everything from medication to education . it would be possible to train people to learn to see things in a different way .
many colleagues in cultural and visual studies discuss the role of the senses in today 's world .
the discussion so far then shows two different orientations - in relation to the development of language .
in the hierarchy of the senses , the visual is now placed above sound .
often because judgments come from the audio - oral perspective , the sensory politics results in judgments of broken sounds and harsh noises , this needs to be improved .
in their lives , all deaf people really experience the hegemony of sound .
the growth of signing went in one direction ; the growth of speaking went in another .
