... and the cop found the situation funny -- we were lucky .   we were relieved .
a cop pointed his finger to us and said , " do n't ever do that again because i drove here all the way from la for that . "
erick said yes , we will have to wait for the cop to arrive .
" alright , fine , " we said .   we waited for a while .   the cop arrived ...
back then , there was a fine system at csun in case you caused trouble .
i was relief and it was good that we got regular and open - minded cop .
erick was supposed to fine us .
i went and explained the situation .   the hall coordinator was not friendly .
i had go to see his superior , the hall coordinator .
actually , we had to do one thing as punishment .
he decided to waive the fine because he thought it was funny .
i took the rope off the handle and peeked in the door .
" hi , i   was just teasing you , " i said .
erick said , " i was worried , you know , what if i had an emergency ? "
i would n't be able to get out , would n't be able to get to another building ...
he asked , " why did you do that ? " i did n't have an answer , and i felt bad .
he said , " you know , i called a cop .   he 's coming now . "
i looked at him and asked , " really ? you called a cop on us ? "
i did n't know it was you guys , i thought it was someone else messing with me .
really , we were trouble makers .
four of us boys lived in a dorm room .
my first year at csun .
seven years ago .
really , i had a good time because my ra was my fraternity brother .
i could n't get out of here if i had an emergency at another building , so i had no choice .
really , i know , i am sure those who have lived in a dorm , you hate the ras .   but anyway ...
we would cause problems for our ra , residence counselor , you know , the one who checks up on the dorms .
i looked at him and asked if we really had to wait for the cop to arrive .
i tended to sneak in and cause problems for another residents .
i called the cop to come and cut the rope .
one night , three of us went upstairs -- we lived on second floor ,
it happened one night , that we did n't care and decided to tease him .
we , roommates seven years ago , laughed and had a good time .
i rang the doorbell , and the ra started struggling to get the door open .   i rang the doorbell across the hall , and they pulled back and forth !
neither one could get out !   i was laughing hard
i had the rope tied across the hall .   i rang the ra 's doorbell .
my ra was named erick .
it was perfect -- there was a good distance between the doors .
i tied the rope to the ra 's door handle and to the handle of the door across the hall .
we had rope with us when we went up .
so you know , there were two doors -- his , and another door right across the hall from his door .
... to go up to the third floor .   i rang the ra 's doorbell
we decided to leave them ; we went back down to our room for fifteen minutes , then we felt bad and decided ...
they have huge grass area littered with cigarette butts that people threw on the grass .
i had to go out and clean up the grass .
we sat down and i explained to the hall coordinator .   i was hoping she would find some humor in the situation .
so , she punished us .
we sat down , and she said that she was giving us disciplinary action .
i hoped but really , the hall coordinator is big " b " word -- i do n't want to say it here .
our ra lived on third floor .
we gave the bag to the hall coordinator .
i gave her the bag and asked , " are you happy now ? "   she said , " do n't do it again "
from then on , we were good and stayed out of trouble at csun .
it was probably from us anyway so we went .   we picked them up and threw them in a bag .
the cop walked over and started talking .
there is an old story passed down through generations of deaf people
the hearing person said , " go ahead sleep " as he drove .
the deaf person said , " sure thing " and drove away .
the cop thought to himself , " whatever " , and told the men , " go ahead " .
" he got excused two times ! " , the hearing person thought .
the deaf person gestured he could n't hear .
the cop put on his siren . when he did , the hearing man looked and pointed back .
a cop walked over to the car and started talking .
the siren flashed and the two cars pulled over .
the hearing man looked at him shocked .
the hearing person looked and thought , " wow , he is lucky ! " .
the hearing person thought , " i can copy and act like the deaf person " .
it was long drive and the deaf person was tired .
they communicated fine through gesture and chatted a bit as they drove .
the hearing person thought " wow , he got excused ! " .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
the hearing man wondered whether   deaf people can drive .
the deaf man said , with confidence , " it 's ok " and then the two cars pulled over .
another cop pulled them over .
as he drove , he saw a person hitchhiking .
sure enough , a cop began following the car .
the deaf person continued driving and started to speed again .
sure enough , a police car pulled up behind them .
as the deaf man drove , he started to speed up .
a deaf man was driving alone .
the man pulled over .
the deaf person tapped the hearing person 's shoulder and asked if he would mind switching .
he thought to himself " why do n't i have him join me to chat and keep me company or something . "
the car started to speed up to 90 .   the hearing person looked at the meter and thought " wow ! " .
the cop said , " oh i see ! my parents are deaf " .
hearing person said , " ok , that s fine . " they switched seats .
he drove for a long time .
the hearing man started to get nervous and kept looking at the speedometer .
the hearing man got into the car , the deaf man began driving .
he was hearing , the person who 's hitchhiking .   the deaf person looked over ...
the hearing person decided to go ahead and speed up .
the deaf man asked the hearing man " where are you going ? " the hearing man tried to use gesture to explain .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
the hearing person was excited . he ran over to the car and started talking .
as he drove across the country ,   he started to feel bored while driving .
the deaf person said , " you seem fine , i am going to sleep . "
the cop thought , " nah " and said , " go ahead . "
" i am a fluent signer , " the cop said , and started signing .
the deaf man turned to the cop and gestured that he could n't hear .
the hearing man was shocked the cop could sign and he knew that he had been caught !
the hearing person did n't care and got into the car .
the cop said , " oh you ca n't hear ? " . then he thought , " how can i communicate with him ? " .
the deaf man indicated he could n't hear .
i saw the deer but it was too late .
i remember a while ago , i was driving ...
i went ahead and got back on 80 .
the deer looked at me and then moved on to cross the road .
... a big pile of grass that looked delicious !
i pulled the car onto route 80 .
the deer saw , across the road ...
the car swerved off the road .
the headlights got closer and closer to the deer .
it happened that , far down the road ...
... there was a deer .
i caught my breath .   it had been a close call .
seeing that , the deer decided to walk across the road .
i swerved and slammed on the brakes ; the headlights shone right in the deer 's face .
my car was in the middle of the road , angled perpendicular to the road .   i did n't know which direction i had been going !
the deer was in shock and scared .
i was driving through beautiful hills .
i drove up the hill with my headlights on .
i was n't sure which way to go .
i thought " why do n't i just drive on " .
... over a hill ...
the flat road was boring but at least it was safe !
as i drove , the deer turned and looked at me .
i was driving for a long time .
my heart was beating really fast .
i noticed some animal crossing the road .
i was enjoying the drive .
occasionally , i would pass a house or two .
i was driving across the u.s .
as i was driving i thought " why do n't i turn off the road . "
i was trying to gain control of the car as it swerved .
as i was driving , i was really bored . so i started thinking about what i could do .
with the headlights on , i kept driving .
i drove really slowly .
the car spun .
i swerved hard , right before i was about to hit the deer .
it started to get dark , so i turned on the headlights .
i turned off the road at the exit .
the road was very dry and plain .
my heart was pounding .
i drove the car along the road .
i decided to head down one of the ways .
i was driving through the country .
( i was ) on interstate 80 , the one that goes straight across the country .
as i held the wheel , i thought to myself " wow " . then i looked back at the road .
the deer was frozen in shock .
i saw a sign up ahead .
the deer was eating grass .
it was for route 80 .   i saw it .
i looked and saw an exit ahead .
the deer stopped eating grass and looked up .
i drove along the curvy two - lane highway .
in la , the service is awful ; some people ca n't speak english .
here ( in boston ) , they have good service , well not 100 percent of time but you tend to get good service --- they make sure you 're comfortable .
its same kind of situation in food markets , restaurants , banks , and many different places .
people go too far :   they use umbrellas , wear rain coats , and put boots and pants on .
even if it is just barely raining -- like a few drops .   i remember one day ...
while in la , its better and perfect because of no rain .
well , it rains once a while .   the funny thing about when it rains in la ...
i noticed many people were looking at me like i was a complete idiot .   really , i did n't know what the big deal was .
i would go to class on my rollerblades , in shorts and a tank top , you know , like a basketball jersey .
there was a bit of rain as i rollerbladed .
... la would flood for sure .
there would be flooding .   if a whole year 's worth of boston 's rain were given to la , ...
oh well .   wow -- one negative thing about la is that in la , they did n't have any sewer systems .
i thought the weather was nice , a little rainy but it was nothing .   people were wearing long sleeves !
i think its probably because la is big so they did nt really care about community as much as bostonians do .
i would write something down but they still would n't understand me .   that 's how bad the service is in la !
people were not very outgoing , friendly , welcoming in the community .
i decided to check the price .   i see the price tag : 350 dollars .   really , 350 dollars for a shirt ? !
in one store , i was looking at this really nice silk shirt .
still , wow , it is very expensive in la .
i would say the most expensive shirt here in boston is up to maybe 100 , 150 dollars .   i would n't know -- i do n't buy expensive shirts , but hey .
but here in boston , the weather is really unpredictable .   it could be rainy , hot , cold or cool .
there are many various things ( in boston weather ) , but one thing i notice about la ...
... and here in boston is that the fall , in september , seems about the same .
i would notice once when the leaves change color , and some start to fall off and grass is really green .
it is perfect , but during the fall in la , it still looks like summer .   it is still very hot .
the grass is a little bit brownish because of too much sun , and there is not enough rain to feed the flowers and plants .
in december in boston , of course it snows , gets colder and the leaves fall off the trees , leaving them " naked . "
in la , it gets a little bit cooler ,   but at same time it is still hot .
there are many things to compare .   for example , boston 's food is delicious and better ( than la ) .
i went to la after finishing high school .   i went to college at csun , calfornia state university at northridge . i went in ' 96 .
i was born and raised in boston .
i am going to compare two different cities , boston and los angeles .
the farm system in california is more outside because it is too hot to have it inside .
to most bostonians who are in la it still feels hot , 70 to 75 degrees .
third , the fruits and vegetables in california taste fresher , since they grow in california .
... is not great .   however , maybe they have better dairy products . i do n't know .
i have to admit that during spring time in boston , it rains a lot .
first of all , i think nothing compares with boston seafood . second , the meat here is fresh and more flavorful .   california meat ...
the sun still shines warmly , but during night time , it gets a little cooler .
same idea for food shopping : in la , a loaf of bread costs 3 or 4 bucks while here in boston it 's only $ 1.50 to two dollars and it is even a bigger loaf than in la .
really , i 'm not just talking about just economic differences , but rather cultural differences as well .
so , let 's see , what else is on the list ... i have to admit that mexican food in la is better .
bostonians seem more friendly in general .
outside it 's still hot and dry , but it 's still easier to grow crops in the l.a . area .
for example : here , when i 'm driving , and two cars come up to the same intersection ,
i would wave the other person on , he would say " thanks ! " and wave back .
but in la , would they do that ? no -- they do n't care and just drive right through .
a few times while i was in la , i waved people on .   i thought they would say thanks back , but the other drivers just ignored me and zipped across .   i said , " oh , you 're welcome , too . oh well , " and drove on .
still , i hope that boston could give la a good example of cohesiveness
you have to make a name for yourself before you join the " elite " clubs .
but in the la area or north , well really mostly in la area , there are many smaller cliques .
people make sure to keep in touch . even if you dislike someone , we say " ah , forget it " and welcome him because we would feel bad otherwise .
of course , boston has four different seasons .
wow , there is a really big difference socially -- in boston deaf culture , everyone mixes together as if we were from the same family .
well , that is what i learned in l.a .
other than food , i can compare the two environments .
... or anywhere else . the state is very strict about chemicals . they want to make sure everything runs smoothly .
i have never heard of that kind of situation here in boston .
the same policy goes for sheep . on interstate 5 at one of the stops ....
they will stop and make sure no one brings in any fruits or vegetables from mexico .
there is n't any mexican food in the boston area .   it 's not bad , but i do n't really care for mexican food anyway . if you like mexican food though you should take advantage of it in l.a . where it 's delicious .
there are very strict policies on fruit , and vegetables in california .
in la , the weather tends to be " flat"--75 or 80 degrees , sunny and dry , every day .
while in la , they only have one or two seasons .
i do n't buy it .   oh , and la is very fancy and high - class .
like for an example , when i went to beverly hills ...
but in the la area , they did n't see that way .
they say , " if you are my kind , come with me ; if you 're not -- get outta here . "   they pick and choose .
no matter who we are , it is important to have diversity in the group .
it 's the same thing with siberian tigers -- their stripes vary .   it 's the same idea here in boston .
in northridge , it tends to be ten to fifteen degrees hotter than la .
the sun is more intense here , while in la it 's dry , but it 's 100 to 110 degrees .
here ( in boston ) it could rain every day and people would still live through it without a problem .
why ? because they have a better sewer system in boston to drain water .
another thing : in the summer , it 's very humid here .
but of course , it does n't rain everyday in boston .   we have wonderful weather here .
of course , it 's because l.a . is near the mexican border .
really , it 's a big difference from here .
if it 's 80 degrees here in boston , it can feel really hot .   but in la , 80 degrees feels like nothing .
in la , the sun is farther away .   here , the sun feels closer , more intense , because the seasons change .   that 's all for that ...
... other than weather , we can also talk about boston culture and la culture .
if you see on weather channel , you will notice that if its 85 degrees in la , that means 100 degrees in northridge .
the teacher is at the movies .
after the movie ends , the teacher will buy a book to give to the student to read .
" i do n't want you to run to the fans and cheer .
" i want you to come back and sit down where you belong .
" i do n't want to see you dance ,
" i do n't want to see you scream
reading the book , that kind of ...
" ... and wait until it 's your turn to play again . "
what motivating words vince lombardi used !
personally , i think i 'm a better coach than a player ...
so i decided to play high school football .
i just thought it was eleven guys hitting another eleven guys .
i never realized that football could have that much emotion involved .
they did n't care about money : back in the 50s and 60s , football ...
... really , football players now make millions of dollars .
before , they used to play for food , or for , i do n't even know ...
it was the same as any regular life -- later they would work at the post office , or , i do n't know ...
... so that , vince lombardi -- i remember his special speech ...
... before facing the oakland raiders in the first super bowl .
he came in and told his men :
" i do n't want to see any end zone ...
it 's eleven on eleven ; players on the two teams match up in the competition .
it is really inspiring .   it involves many things :
... is my favorite sport .
really , football ...
there are many different options : they can pass to the wide receiver ,
" ... celebrations when you score a touchdown .
... the quarterback , who has the running back behind him .
the offense picks a bunch of guys who weigh 300 , 350 pounds to block ...
" i want to see you put the ball down on the ground ...
one team has the offensive line ...
" i want to see , once you 're in that end zone ,
they can throw to the tight end , maybe , or , i do n't know ...
or they can hand off to the running back ,
vince lombardi , before his men walked onto the field ,
... or , i do n't know , really many other things .   it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's a thinking game
it could be , i do n't know , a quarterback sack ,
... it can create a fumble ,
i really was engrossed by football .   he , ...
it can create an opportunity for the other team to win ,
... i did n't know much about football untill my mom gave me that book .
i remember i was young .   it was my first book i read ...
my mother bought me a book written by vince lombardi .
really , up until then , as i was growing up , i ...
... i mean , unless you use your helmet to hit someone , but ...
really , i 've been thinking it reminds me of who really made me get interested in football .
really , i find that to be a very amazing challenge .
especially when football is the only legal sport where you can hit someone that hard and not get fined for it .
he made sure his players would " give it all . "
... vince lombardi , was really a winner .
... he told his men , " hey , remember : winning is n't everything--
it 's the only thing .
he said , " men , we must march into that end zone ...
... this is really my favorite quote .   before that super bowl game ,
i enjoy the hits -- i enjoy the pain sometimes , i admit , but , uh ...
... but at the same time i love to play .
really , vince lombardi told his men ...
... not all the time .   like my hand , haha -- no , not like that .
... they can get creative , mix it up .   really , after a thousand plays , you can be creative during the game .
" then hit , and hit , and hit ! "
i know , it seems like three simple words , " hit and hit and hit , "
but when a hit is made in football ,
... it can create many things .
" ... and then come back and wait until it 's your turn , " just like i said before
if it rains , i will go ahead and go to the movies .
when do you go to class ?
if it rains , i will go ahead to the movies .
it should be fun . i hope to arrive in about 3 or 4 days .
um .. what states ? tennessee ... new mexico .
i 'm looking forward to graduating next year .
the old man arrived .
why did you go get more ice ?
if it does n't rain , i wo n't go to the movies .
tomorrow i have some things to do .
today after work i have some errands to do .
i think i have one more math class , and that 's all .
if it does n't rain , i wo n't go to the movies .
john know who mary loves .
what are you going out to eat for ?
why did you go to class ?
when did he / she / it leave for california ?
the old man arrived .
the old man arrived .
then i will be done with school .
when do you want to go out to eat ?
why ( did you ) go to the store ?
why are you going to california ?
if it rains , i will go to the movies .
if it rains , i will go to the   movies .
the old man arrived .
i would drive across .
when did he / she drive off ?
the old man arrived .
if it rains , i will go to the movies .
if it does n't rain , i will go to the movies .
when will you do that ?
why do you have an imac now ?
next semester i 'll take three classes .
as for john 's friend , he arrived .
john will not visit his mother .
you like ice cream ? what 's your favorite ( flavor ) ?
why did he / she / it go out to eat ?
has someone seen joan ?
when will he / she / it go get ice cream ?
has someone seen joan ?
he / she / it shot frank .
why did he / she / it go out to eat ?
where are you going ?
when do you want to go out to eat ?
john arrived .
why do you eat at mcdonald 's ?
no , that 's wrong .. what is it ?
has someone seen joan ?
yesterday i was busy with things to do .
mary knows who someone loves .
this morning i had to load my things into my car .
why did you go to the police station ?
there will be a baseball strike this friday ? ?   what ? ?
when are you going to the grocery store ?
my car was full , so i got in and drove straight through .
that 's because my goal is to arrive at i-40 .
john will eat now .
why does he / she / it like tuna fish ?
the old man arrived .
mary knows who loves someone .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who arrived ?
when did you take off ?
when will ( you ) see grandmother ?
if it does n't rain , i will not go to a movie .
like tennessee , and um ...
who arrived ?
why did you go to california ?
mary knows which girl john loves .
if it had n't rained , i would n't have gone to the movies .
what are you doing tomorrow ?
when will it rain ?
maybe i can just take a few - say four - classes .
john knows what mary prefers .
now i have seven classes left until i graduate .
um , what 's after tennessee ?
what does he / she / it want to go out to eat for ?
why did you go to california ?
john 's friend arrived .
who does someone love ?
where did john go ?
then i would be going through different states .
mary knows who john loves .
why did he / she / it grow up on a farm ?
why did he / she / it go out to eat ?
the classes are in my major , deaf studies .
mary knows which girl john loves .
john 's friend arrived .
i know who john loves .
what did he / she / it buy yesterday at the store ?
who loves someone ?
if it rains , i will go to a movie .
saturday morning , i got up around maybe 3 or 4 in the morning ...
i 've never seen john 's car .
mary knows which girl john loves .
when did he / she / it leave for california ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
if it rains , i will go to the movies .
john 's friend arrived .
why is today his / her last day ?
what is he / she / it going to the store for ?
the old man arrived .
the old man arrived .
why did you take off ?
has someone seen joan ?
why are you going to graduate school ?
i maybe have one general education class left , that 's it .
if it had rained , i would have gone to the movies .
the old man arrived .
if it does n't rain , i wo n't go to the movies .
when did you finish work ?
but i know it might be boring to drive all alone .
the old man arrived .
when did you take off ?
who did john see yesterday ?
if it rains , i will go to a movie .
maybe someday i 'll find another way to go diagonally across and south .
what is he / she / it doing in california ?
what did you go eat at uno 's for ?
i thought i could take i-90 straight across the country .
what did he / she / it go to california for ?
so like , around those southern states , going across there .
john knows who mary loves .
the old man arrived .
john knows who mary loves .
maybe next year i will come to bu for graduate school .
why did you go to california ?
the old man arrived .
the reporter asked ali 's wife if he was alright .
he died way back , when i was around 8 years old .
he tends to shake sometimes and he had a hard time trying to focus on things .
i wish he and i could have watched it together .
he started to really shake and the reporter got scared .   he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation .
he scared the reporter , his wife was great ... wow .
the reporter asked muhammad ali a simple question .
so , after that , i wish i could tell my grandfather that story .
ali started to ...   well , you know he has parkinson 's disease ...
while they had dinner , the sports reporter collected more information about muhammad ail .
his wife cooked and got things ready for dinner .   then , they all sat down and talked .
after i watched that story , muhammad ali became my favorite boxer .
his wife invited a reporter over their house .
sometimes he   imagines he is still boxing in the ring ,
his wife said " well , sort of ... sometimes he has bad dreams . "
... still taking punches .   sometimes he will stand up and start swinging his fists .
the reporter said , " really , muhammad ali would stand up and start punching at people ? "
the wife said " yes , i have seen him beating up one man for no reason "
the reporter said , " really ? " as he looked at muhammad ali .
ali was sitting , shaking ; then he got up slowly and started punching the air .
ali walked toward the reporter , grabbed him by the collar , pulled him close , and shook his fist in the reporter 's face .
the reporter was really scared .   muhammad ali put him back in his seat , and said , " i am just teasing , do n't worry ! "
he laughed and sat down .   i had goose bumps on my arms .
i do n't remember it well because i was too young but ....
he asked me to sit down and watch boxing .   i did n't really get it .
it was a show about his life story . i was completely fascinated by it .
my grandfather was a big boxing fan .
in the past , when i was four or five years old ...
i was not laughing , yes i know it was funny , but i got goose bumps on my arms .
i would work out and have great abdominal muscles on my stomach .   wow -- it would require a lot of time , though ,
as i watched , i thought to myself , " i would n't mind doing boxing in the future " .
but he still , uh , he still is able to find humor in many things .
i said " oh , i see , " then i began watching the boxing on tv .
... because muhammad ali has parkinson 's disease ...
my father told me that i used to love boxing when i was growing up .
last year , i watched a story about muhammad ali on cnn .
... so i dropped it .   one thing that hit me when i was watching tv ...
i opened the menu ; the choices were limited , but we let it slide .
the food was not good , so we just left it .
the tables and chairs were all wood .   it looked like a log cabin .
i told the waitress that i was unsatified with the food and that we 'd pay for the drinks .
we were uneasy ,   but we said " ok , fine , " and the three of us sat down around a table .
really , i would have preferred a mcdonald 's burger -- they're better than this one was .   oh well .
i went in ; the place was really creepy .
i took a bite ... it was gross .   we all decided , " forget it . "
there were no waiters ...
i kept driving .   i hurried because i knew there would be a mcdonald 's on the road .   we found a mcdonald 's right near the end of nebraska .
my friend said " nah , its better to pull over . " " okay , fine , " i said , " i 'd be happy to . " i said sarcastically .   we pulled over .
we went into a restaurant .   i was hungry because i had n't eaten lunch yet .
the waitress said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? "   i said , " nah , i 've decided to take off . "
" be patient , we 'll drive together , and the rain will dissipate . " i said .
we left .   as we were driving , we were really hungry .
it is important to escape the big storm .
the waitress came over .   i told her that i 'm deaf .
we decided to have hamburger and french fries , something simple .
i kept on driving . i was going 85 , 88 , 90 mph all the way through there .
we wnt straight on through indiana , then illinois , no -- first illinois , then indiana .   it was a good drive ; i kept going overnight .
then i drove straight through iowa ... i think it was iowa ... yes , it was iowa .
i thought,"perfect ! " we pulled off and took the opportunity to eat at mcdonalds .
we were lucky and took advantage of it .   after we drove a good while we decided to stop in illinois .
there were no cops .   the speed limit there is 75 mph , so ...
we stayed overnight .    let 's stop , and put this aside .
the waitress came up and talked into my ear .
i gestured , " no , i 'm deaf ! "   so she came around and started talking right in my face .   i said , " no , no -- move back . "
i wrote to explain that deaf people can read lips .
really , some can read lips and some communicate with paper and pen .
the waitress said , " oh .   which do you prefer ? "   i said i wanted paper and pen , haha .
because that waitress was really hard to understand .
... anyway , i wrote that i wanted a burger with fries , just simple ... cooked medium ..
my friends did the same .   they both wrote down their orders , we gave the waitress the paper , and off she went .
i could n't chat as i was driving .
i was disappointed -- you know this , my pager ?   it did n't work all the way through nebraska .
i told them its important to go slowly , 45 or 50 mph .
really , all the way through nebraska ...
after i explained wyoming , the tons of cows and all that ...
we waited and waited .   the rain stopped ; i said , " oh , good . "
i did n't realize that nebraska was really that big ! but anyway , so i was driving ...
" really , it 's about 500 miles across nebraska . "
the food finally came .   i looked again -- it had plain wonder bread for a bun and a tiny little burger .
... it 's really far to omaha -- it 's the end of nebraska
i was in a hurry for the food to arrive -- i wanted to take advantage of the good weather for driving , but it did n't work out that way .   we waited and waited and waited .
" really , i was driving alone .   my two friends were driving in front of me .   so i drove ... "
my friends in front of me wanted to pull over .
all of sudden , a strong storm hit .   i was a bit nervous driving through it .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
how many books does john want to buy ?
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
how many cars has the teacher bought so far ?
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
mother did not buy the car for john .
the students do not like chocolate .
john likes cars and books .
father likes john 's house but does n't like his car .
the teacher does not like movies .
how many books will john buy ?
the teacher likes movies , but the students do n't .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
father likes books and movies .
the student likes to eat chocolate but he / she does n't like to read .
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to ( his ) mother .
the student likes chocolate .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
the teacher likes movies .
how many books have the students finished reading so far ?
mary bought ( her ) mother 's car to give to john .
the student does n't like to read but he / she likes to eat chocolate .
how many cars has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
the teacher likes books but not movies .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john likes his father 's car and house .
how many books has john bought ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
the student has finished reading a book and is now watching a movie .
has the teacher bought many cars ?
john gave ( his ) mother chocolate .
how many cars will the student buy ?
john should not buy a house .
how many books should the students read ?
mother bought a car and gave it to john .
the teacher likes to read but he / she does n't like movies .
no , john did not buy ( his ) mother 's car .
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
how many books will the students read ?
why should n't john buy a house ?
does the teacher like movies ?
does the teacher like chocolate ?
does the teacher like movies ?
she said , " so you know , mike 's really hearing .   he 's not deaf . "
my parents asked " how do you know ? "
dana saw this and saw that i was obviously hearing .
she was disappointed and walked over to tell my parents .
she told them that i had woken up and cried
dana said , " i went down and got some pots and pans ...
... and i banged them together as he was sleeping . "
she decided to do something else .
dana was still upset that i was n't d- , well , that i was n't deaf .
the next day , i woke up .
my parents said , " really ? oh well . "
then they would find out if i 'm deaf .
dana was impatient .   she said , " can we ask the doctor ? "
my mother said , " enough ! cut it out . "
that first night they brought me home ...
... i arrived home ....
... i was sleeping in the crib .
dana was watching me .   she was mischevious , dana was -- same as me growing up .
but anyway , dana decided to gather some pots and pans .
i have an older sister .
my parents gave birth to dana .
... i had become , or had found out that i had become deaf .
really , maybe you want to know why ...
said that she want to have a deaf sister .
while my parents were sleeping , she snuck downstairs ...
dana wanted a deaf sister .
my mother got pregnant with me .
she started banging the pots !   i woke up and started crying .
when she was three and half or four years old ,
she pulled a bunch of pots from the cabinet and went back upstairs to my room .
" i hope , i hope , i hope , " she said .
she would tell my mother everyday " i want a deaf sister . "
i was definitely deaf .
so my mother told dana ...
i did not even hear it .
she screamed my name into my ear .
my mother said , " we ca n't tell if he is deaf , but if he is ... that 's the way it goes ... "
she talked into my ears and i did n't pay attention .
when dana found out that i was boy , she found accepted it .
but it was important that i was deaf .
my mother said " we will see . "
the time came -- i was ( finally ) born .
maybe it is a boy too .
my sister said " no , i do n't have that feeling ; i will get a deaf sister . "
maybe the baby will be hearing , but we 'll still love it the same .
" but i 'm hoping that it 's deaf , too . "
wait until he gets bigger and feels comfortable at home .
after ( the baby ) is born , you have to ...
i am sure she is still telling many strangers about me .
... about how she found out that i had become deaf .
even today , dana still tells everyone .
right now she 's in europe ...
" you have a deaf brother . "
dana was jumping around , she was so excited .
dana walked around behind me screamed .
but anyway i was sitting ...
i was in my high chair .
really , i was sitting ...
i have a picture , it 's cute .
you know , where ( babies ) sit when they 're eating ... it has a tray .   i had a bib on ...
my mother told her to take it easy , said " we 'll see ... "
and my mother saw the whole thing .
my   mother just stared .
she walked over to dana and said , " maybe he is deaf . "
she was looking at me .
i did n't even look back .
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what is a car ? "
so far , his motorcycles have been stolen , crashed , and so on , you know ?
he had made a videotape of himself riding on one wheel at 80 mph ! ! he is crazy ! !
motorcycling -- wow .   since i care about him , i decided to send him an email .
i said to paul in the email , " you know , you have been a good friend of mine " .
three of his motorcycles were stolen , two others crashed .   he has had a total of five different motorcycles .
he would do anything for a motorcycle .   i feel sorry for him , he has bad luck with motorcycles .
he is a real motorcycle freak .   he has a beautiful motorcycle .
he showed ( the whole accident ) on tape . he did n't win though , but hey .
i have a good friend of mine named paul .
he decided to force himself to ride on one wheel of the motorcycle .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
... from a motorcycle accident .
you know where he is now ? in the hospital with broken ribs ...
he fell off the motorcycle , separated his shoulder , sprained both his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
he was riding the motorcycle on one wheel at 80 to 90 mph and hit a rock .
has mother finished reading that book ?
john has not yet finished reading the book .
that was john 's car .
mother should buy a car .
will mother read that book ?
john finished reading the book .
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
is that john 's father 's car ?
as for john 's car , i 've never seen ( it ) .
has john finished reading the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
when will john finish reading the book ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mother is reading a book .
mother will buy a house .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
did john read the book ?   yes , he did .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
whose car is that ?
when will john finish reading the book ?
which house will the student 's father buy ?
what did john read a book about ?
john will give ( his ) father a car .
i 've never seen john 's car .
father should buy a book .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
the student 's father bought a house .
father must give the car to john .
mother will not buy a house .
why should father buy that book ?
mother was reading a book .
mother should not have bought a car .
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's mother bought a car .
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
what did john read a book about ?
mother plans to read that book .
the student will buy his / her mother 's car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
after class , john finished reading the book .
when the teacher gives out the test , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
is john going to buy a car ?   he wo n't .
john told mary , " i am buying a house . "
john is arriving there .
john will have seen mary .
john used to not like chocolate .
john has visited mary .
the girls are giving john boxes .
john should buy a car .
john will visit mary .
john decided to visit mary .
john is giving the girl a box .
john will finish reading the book .
john will visit mary .
as for mary , as for vegetables , ( i ) knows she likes corn .
john will not buy a house .
ann blames mary .
john told mary , " i am buying a house . "
all the boys each give the teacher an apple .
the girl is giving john boxes .
john wo n't buy a house .
john can go , he can .
john is not visiting mary .   ( he ) is visiting ( his ) mother .
the girls are giving john boxes .
next week , john is going to new york .
as for mary and vegetables , i know she likes corn .
john lived in chicago .
john will have seen mary .
john likes chocolate .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
john loves mary .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john will buy a car .
mary herself prefers corn .
all the boys each give the teacher an apple .
john will have seen mary .
john is giving the girl boxes .
as for john , he says ( he / john ) loves mary .
john will buy a house .
john did not visit mary .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john , in the future , is not buying a house .
is john buying a car ?   in the future .
all the boys in the class each gave the teacher an apple .
john is arriving .
( he / she ) shoots frank .
as for john , mary blames him .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
john , in the future , wo n't buy a house .
as for mary , bill says john loves ( her ) .
john is arriving .
john should not buy a house .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
john prefers to go to the movies tomorrow .
in the future , john will go .
as for mary and vegetables , ( i ) know she likes corn .
john is arriving .
people are giving jana toys .
john should finish reading the book .
john blames ( him / her ) .
john must buy a house .
in the future , john should buy a car .
many people are giving jana toys .
john should not buy a house .
as for john , mary blames him .
as for john , he says ( he / john ) loves mary .
john can buy a house .
john will have seen mary .
john wants to sell ( his / a ) car .
as for mary and vegetables , i knows she likes corn .
john should n't buy a house .
john did not visit mary .
last week , john went to new york .
john wants to sell his car in the future .
the teacher gives the boy a book repeatedly .
john does n't have to buy a house .
people are giving jana toys .
the teacher gives the boys each a book .
ann blames mary .
mary herself prefers corn .
john will visit mary .
about john giving mother chocolate , will he do it soon ?
whose car is that ?
did mother give chocolate to john ?
john , he is giving chocolate to his mother now .
wow .    as for john 's car , it was stolen .
teacher really liked the movie .
i do n't know if the teacher likes the movie , i ( just ) do n't know .
he , john 's father there , must buy this / that for mary there .
it -- that car there -- is john 's father 's .
he , father , must buy a car for john ( i 'm telling you ) .
the teacher does n't like the movie .
for how long has that student been reading the book ?
the student there loves chocolate but does n't like reading .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
the teacher enjoyed ( the movie ) but the kids did not like the movie .
is that john 's former car ?
how many books did the student read ?
john bought many books .
the student does n't like to read but loves chocolate .
the teacher has been car shopping for a while now .
john 's father there is giving a car to john .
mother is n't buying a car for john .
is that car there john 's father 's ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
has the teacher been car shopping lately(all this time ) ?
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
how many cars did the student buy ( pay for ) ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
no , will she buy a house ?   no ,   john 's mother does n't want to buy a house .
the teacher enjoys reading but not movies .
did john buy many books ? how many did he buy ?
he , john , gave his mother chocolate .
how many books has john read so far ?
is john 's mother buying a house ?
the student likes chocolate .
will john give his father that car ?
they hit me twice with the nightstick and punched me in the eye .
i was in shock .
... i was planning to tell them i 'm deaf .   as i raised my arm to sign " deaf , " ...
they grabbed my arm and bent it behind my back .
because i was so shocked that i , i do n't know .
why did they hit me ? i did nt feel anything !
i felt numb .
they ignored me .
i tried to tell the cop that i 'm deaf .   i spoke , " deaf , deaf ! "
then they grabbed my hands and handcuffed me .   i was under arrest .
what did the cop hit me for ?
they were lapd , and were coming up running .
i thought " what 's going on ? "
really , i was nt sure .
why are they chasing me ? i asked myself .
i thought it was because they saw me going to the bathroom in public or something .
i thought it should be fine , i told myself to think positive about this situation .
so i ...
maybe i could just let them know and say that i was sorry for going to the bathroom in the public .
she had a party .
one girl who lived right next to me .
four years ago at california state university northridge ...
( this is a story of ) one of my worst experiences .
it would n't be a big deal .   oh , it 's important to inform people i 'm deaf , too .
... at the nearby market .
i decided to go buy cigarettes .
two cops walked toward me .   when they were really close to me ...
it was good time .   all night i enjoyed myself .
it is a very important thing to do .
... for us college students to get together .
i walked   to the market .
i 'd say it was only five minutes away walking -- practically nothing .
i pulled a cigarette from my pants pocket and lit up .
then i walked back out from behind the bush .
i was relieved , because it was important that nobody see me .
i looked around to make sure nobody saw me .
i looked around and everything was fine , so i went ahead and used the " bathroom . "
... i saw a bush .
i looked at it and thought , " so what ! ? " i went around the bush .
i admit , i had to go to the bathroom real bad .
i could n't hold my bladder , so i ...
i was looking back and saw two cops running .
i looked back .
take rodney king , for example .
because i felt it would be their word against mine .
you probably wondering why i did n't report it to the police .
that 's something that i hope the lapd will learn
but the hands behind the back , never again !
so he can communicate , either writing or by signing .
or , if they really need to arrest someone , cuff him with his hands in front of his body ...
if something happens and they show up , they should make sure they have paper and pen ready .
i felt fine and just forgot about it .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right way .
but , from now on , lapd should really teach their officers ...
but anyway , my friend said " calm down , it 's alright . "
... did he hit me ?   i had a bad headache next morning
i had a big bruise near my eye .   why ...
i was really upset .
he said , " make sure not to pee in public again ! " then he left .
i was ticked , but i decided to ingore him .
" you never know if he 'll have to go to the hospital tonight . "
the cop told my friend , " make sure you keep an eye on him overnight . "
so , fine .   the cop said ...
i bought the cigarettes , put them in my pocket , and walked back .
... like one side of me felt like hitting the cop .
but , of course i could n't do that .
" you will be wasting your time ! "   they were talking back and forth .
i would look bad , and plus ...
my friend looked at him and said " oh , no , no ... "
i was drinking underage , too .
he said , " to pump out his stomach . "
really , i admit , i did n't want to bring up ...
... that i went to the bathroom in public -- i did n't want that on the record .
they have it on tape , beating him up .
but , they still took lapd 's word against rodney king 's .
he took off the handcuffs .
he pushed me and i fell to the ground .
he said , " no , no . "   the cop was just looked at him and shook his head ' no ' .
he was looking and then finally , he was willing ...
i was confused , really i felt many different things at once .
really , i felt ...
i fell -- what was that ? ! then i got up .
of course , i was very upset .
" ... i saw him put something in his mouth "
the cop said , " no ...
how could they guess that ?
i could n't believe it !   i said to myself , " oh my god ! "
then it struck me : i had pulled the cigarette from my pocket and put it to my mouth .
they thought i was popping a pill , i do n't know .
but i tried to tell my friend that i was just smoking a cigarette .
my friend said " oh , " and informed the cop that i was smoking a cigarette .
maybe you misunderstood and thought he was taking something .
the cop said , " no , i saw it very clearly . "
" i will take him to the hospital now . "
the cop looked at my friend and pulled me out of the car .
he said , " hey , hey , i know him !   i know mike , the one in the car . "
he saw me in the cop car .
my friend came downstairs and went outside .
some of my friends said , " really ? "
my friend looked over incredulously .
he knew that i never take drugs .
then my friend asked what was going on .
the cop looked at my friend and said , " he took drugs . "
i was really lucky my friend came in time .
the cop pulled me out of the car ...
i thought -- i did n't know , it could have been .
really , i ended up getting arrested for that ?
i had no clue of what was going on .
they grabbed me and led me off .   i did n't know what to do .
i really thought it was maybe because i went to the bathroom in the public .
why would the   cop arrest me ?
while they brought me to the cruiser , one girl who was ready to go home ...
... saw the whole thing .
she went back up to the party and informed some of my friends ...
... that i had been arrested by the police .
i expected they would put me in the cruiser .
... you know , they have different buildings for different wards .   i went in and waited some more .
my hand kept bleeding and i was still waiting .
i sat down and waited for a long time .   finally , i went in .
i was in the fast express care of the emergency area of the hospital .
he looked at my finger and said he would like to call for a second opinion .
a doctor came in , he was new and had just joined the staff .
i was a bit nervous -- i trust young doctors , but would prefer an older one ;   it does n't matter though , it was fine .
i hoped my finger would n't become dry ( the blood ) or whatever . so i kept waiting .
i still had n't gotten my stitches .
i arrived there at two o'clock and it was already like 4:30 or 5 o'clock ...
i thought " ugh " and ended up waiting again .
i picked up the shampoo bottle and dumped it on my hand .   right after i poured it , it hit me that i could n't use that hand .
while the water was running , i tried to wash myself as best i could -- i could n't use my injured hand .
i went and got another bag to put on my hand .
i was n't thinking .    now shampoo was oozing all over my hand .   geez .
i told my boss that i had to go to the hospital because i needed stitches .
i thought to myself " fine " and went off to the hospital .
a thought struck me ; i pulled out my wallet and opened it ...
... i realized i did n't have my insurance information with me .
so we pulled over to a pay phone and tony called the boss
the boss said his company would cover the costs for stitches on my finger and everything .
my boss said , " yes , go ahead and use my name . " i was relieved .
if he did n't pay for it then i do n't know what i would have done !
we were working , doing landscaping .
tony and i grew up best friends .
yesterday , i worked with my friend .
i am sure you noticed this bandage on my hand and wonder what happened .
my boss is pretty strict .
they maybe would have to send the bill to my parents . my parents would n't be very happy .
there was many different sizes .
the metal corner was really sharp ! it had a big log on it .
we sat down with them to give information about the insurance , my birth date , my social security number , etc .
we were cutting wood using a cutting tool that had a metal edge .
i went to the hospital , but you know how hospitals are , they tend to keep you waiting forever !
then i got back into the shower and washed up . it felt so good !
then , i went to bed for the night to get ready to work all day today .
i worked at a quick pace .
he told us we must finish everything before sunset .
he gave me instructions ; he told me , " you can not get it wet . "
after he finished , he wrapped up my finger .
... that 's kind of how the stitching felt .
i could feel the stitches being pulled through -- it felt like when you tie your shoes ...
i thought maybe i could just bandage it and put pressure on it so it would n't bleed anymore .
my hand became numb , and he stitched it .
i showed him my hand -- it was bleeding profusely .
tony said that i should go to the hospital and i asked , " are you sure ? "
it was not first time someone cut his finger with that same machine .
anyway , i tapped tony and told him the bad news .
when the metal corner sliced my hand , really , wow !
it looked like my fingers had been cut off !
i tried to catch it .
i got the log but the metal corner hit my hand .
so i decided go to the hospital .
i was holding my hand but it still bled through my shirt .   can you imagine that ?
so anyway , i went in the shower -- i had put two bags on my hand to be safe .
i wrapped my hand and the bag with a rubber band and walked into the shower .
i finally arrived home around 7:30 .   i was beat .
really , i had to take shower because i had been working all day , plus i had blood all over me .
then , when you shower , you will need to use a plastic bag to cover your hand .
after he explained everything that i needed to do , i said " fine , alright then " .
my x - ray result showed that my finger was cut to the joint .
he wanted to check if i had some air in my finger which could cause an infection .
i felt funny because a plastic surgeon was going to give me the stitches .
finally , an older man came in ; he was a plastic surgeon .
but all the same , he told me i better go downstairs and get an x - ray .
i thought some regular doctor , nurse , or even doctor 's assistant could do it .
there was one big log that i picked up but then i started to drop it .
i went back upstairs to give the plastic surgeon my x - ray results .
finally , he said we were ready .   he set everything up .
he got the scissors , the needle , and the string .   i saw the needle and the thick string and thought " whoa ! "
he gave my hand a few injections .
he said i was very lucky that my finger was not cut more or i would have lost it .   i was relieved !
the donut tire only lasts for 50 miles so i really had to pull over soon .   we finally arrived at the hotel . we gambled all night and we did n't sleep at all !
and , make sure you have everything ready -- make sure your car is ready before you leave , like i did n't do .
in the morning . however , as i was driving , i found one hotel , but it had a casino too .
my friends were driving in front of me and i waved to get their attention .   i told them that we really had to stay at the hotel because it 's our only choice .
after my trip , it was six days total .
i changed the tire . the tire was a donut tire that is only supposed to last for 50 miles .
i really enjoyed the trip and it was a wonderful time .   it was a lot of fun and i would recommend it to anyone who wants to drive across the country . if so , you can ask me for advice .
and , it 's like 11 o'clock at night -- everything was closed .   i just had to find a place to stay and have the car fixed the next morning .
i started to realize that i had a spare tire in the trunk so it was a good thing that i brought it with me .
i rummaged in the trunk .   i admit that it was my first time changing a tire . i know all men should know how , but unfortunately , i did n't .
my friends were driving in front of me and i was following them .   i had to get their attention by waving my hand so i could pull their car over .
as i got out of my car , i looked at the back of my car and saw one of the tires was flat . the tire literally blew out in two pieces ! it was all gone !
it wo n't open til 9 or 10 in the morning .   we were okay with it even though we had to wait for a bit . the mechanic finally opened and they fixed the tire .
i had to put up and stay up til six or seven in the morning .   i was hoping that gas station would be open by then , since i needed my tire fixed before i went on to boston .
plus an oil change at the same time , which i said was fine . the oil change went fine , but the mechanic said he had some bad news for me . the engine belt had cracked and i needed a new one .
we stayed at the shop for another three hours while they were replacing the belt in the engine along with a oil change and the tire as well . i waited for a long while and finally left nevada at around12 .
when we entered utah , we all were exhausted as we did n't sleep at all .   we were awake all night at the casino at nevada last night .
we decided to continue driving and we got to colorado . we stayed at a place there because it was late . we woke up late because we wanted to catch up on our sleep .
i woke up and realized that driving to boston from la in four days was impossible .   really , i applaud anyone who drives from la to boston .
to drive across the country in four days , you would have to drive about fifteen hours each day to have the right pace to arrive in boston on time .
i drove through wymoing and nebraska . both states were very boring . it was just flat , with cows , etc .
in wyoming -- this just popped into my head -- there was a place with ten thousands cows fenced in . it was sort of a small jail .
we went on a trip to san francisco .   we enjoyed it so much and sf is a beautiful city .
i drove from la to sf to visit a good friend of mine there .
when we were getting ready to get out of nevada , i felt something on the back of my car . all of a sudden , the car dropped down in the back and was skidding .
my two friends joined and we decided to drive to boston .
after i finished the past semester at csun ......
i looked at cows while i was driving and i felt sad for them because they could n't even move . at end of the " jail " , i saw a butcher shop where they were slaughtering the cows . i also saw some dead cows that were hanging !
as my frends and i were driving through the state of nevada , the three of us were really tempted to gamble . so , we decided to stop by at a casino on the border between nevada and california .
i was on i-80 all the way across the country and then i eventually got on i-90 .   i expected that it would take me maybe three or four days to drive across the country . unfortunately , i was wrong !
i drove , and it was flat and plain through iowa , ohio , and illinois i got to new york , and finally i arrived boston .
i drove straight across the country from sf .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , too , because i ate a steak there .
i have to admit that sf copies boston a little , but anyway ...
we hoped to get out of nevada soon so we would n't feel tempted to gamble again because we all had lost some money from gambling .
i pulled the car over .   we gambled . i had a good time for maybe a couple of hours and then i got back into the car .
did john read the book ?   when ?
you see the book over there ?   john finished reading it yesterday .
mother should not buy that car .
john finished reading .
i have never seen john 's car .
do you understand ? am i clear ?
father bought a book .
will mother read a book later ?
yes , it will be better if i stand up so it 's more clear but , ( whatever ) .
has john finished reading the book ?
i have never seen john 's car .
the student 's mother will buy him a car , i 'm sure .
will john finish reading soon ?
mother bought a car .
mother is planning to read the book later .
is mother reading the book ?
did the student 's mother buy a car already ?
which house did the student 's father buy ?
( hah ! ) john has n't read ( it ) yet .
why did mother buy a car ?
john was reading that book , what did he say it is about ?
mother is reading the book .
there was waving while we were rowing , and people fell off the raft .
it was fun all day and we had a good time .   we decided to take a break .
i realized it was serious business .
i dug my foot into the side of the raft so i would n't fall again .
i went for the steak -- i love steak .   we ate quickly ,
we pulled over for a lunch break .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
he expected a bunch of us to fall out .
he warned us that later , further down , would be be tougher .
the raft headed down the river .   the man in the back , our leader , ...
... and when that was done we got on the raft again
the boat was really slow .   i thought , no problem .
i was rowing and thought it was boring .
i tapped my friend tony .
i tapped him and said , " that 's white water rafting ? "
the boat suddenly shot down ; the rapids were churning all around us .
i flew out of the raft -- i was dumbfounded .
i was lost -- i could n't find the boat .   the boat came around ...
... i waved at the raft , and they came and got me ...
there were tents set up all over .
i arrived on friday night .
we , deafies , went to maine for white water rafting .
really , last weekend , i got together with twenty friends
we were ready for our great adventure !
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
we stayed up very late . the next morning we woke up .
we got back into our seats .   i was a bit shaken ..
there was a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
they pulled me back onto the raft .
we got in the bus , took off , and arrived to one river .
we went in the bus after breakfast .
she threw up a little , it was really nothing big , it was as if she had a cold or something .
but she spit up the water .
she was coughing and i thought maybe we would have to do cpr on her .
i pulled her close with the paddle and then pulled her back on .
they will know when it is the right time to stop rowing or drag the paddle .
i held my paddle out to her .
there were eight of us in the raft ,   and both people in front had to be hearing .
so i can follow how to row .
we started to sit down .
we had a leader that sat at the back of the raft .
i have to admit that it was my first time .
i did n't know what to do -- i thought it would feel like being on a boat on the water .   i thought it was n't a big deal .
it was close by , twenty minutes away from our camp ground .
we sat on the raft .
so we sat down and got ready .
the leader would yell but we deaf people can not hear him in the back .
most of us got in the spa .
we just sat and relaxed -- aaahhh ...
... and called it a day .   we pulled over .
we got back on the bus and arrived at the campground .
really , everything was fine ; the girl was worried .
i arrived ...
it is ironic because we both fell before ,
the only left was me and mike daisy . it 's ironic that us two stayed on .   it is strange .
the raft went down some rapids -- really , it was fifteen feet straight down
i looked at him and said ok , that is fine .
we went down and many people fell off .
i braced myself as we went down -- i was expecting to fall out .
... i do n't know , it started with a k.   it 's a long word , that river .
i pulled people back onto the raft .
one woman who was riding with us ...
... was stuck under the boat and could not breathe for a while .
i reached under the raft and found her .
... but he and i were the ones to " survive " that drop .
how many books does john want to buy ?
john will not like the movie .
the teacher likes movies .
how many books did john buy ?
mother likes the movie .
the teacher is not in the house .
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
did mother buy a car for john ? no , she did not .
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to mother .
father will like that book .
mother likes that book .
will father like that book ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
mary bought her mother 's car and gave it to john .
the teacher , does s / he like movies ?
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the student bought a car yesterday .
father will like that book there .
the students contributed money to buy the teacher a book .
is the teacher in that house ?
did the teacher like the movie that s / he saw ?
the teacher liked the movie but the student did n't .
as for father liking that book , will he ?
mother bought a book yesterday .
did john buy mother 's car ? no , he did not .
mother does not like the movie .
mother bought one book yesterday .
the teacher does n't like the movie .
the teacher gave each student a book .
the teacher likes books , but does n't like movies .
the teacher gave the student one book .
how many books did the teacher give john ?
mother bought a car and gave it to john .
has the teacher been in the house before ?
the students exchanged books .
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
mother bought one book yesterday .
how many books did father give to john ?
if it rains , bill will leave .
john takes off at seven o'clock .
i am going to be finished with work soon .
he / she / it shot frank .
mary is a lawyer .
john shot frank .
as for john , bill bawled him out .
mary did n't see anyone .
i would have left school !
who is going to leave if it rains ?
i could leave school , i guess .
the cat that chased the mouse drank water .
it is going to rain .
john   just finished his work : the lights went out .   he 's lucky .
the cop pulled john over and gave him a ticket .
i should have left before .
john will leave when it rains .
sue ca n't swim .
john just ate a ham sandwich .
carol and i are going out for lunch again .
as for   john , mary loves him .
john just finished work .
as for the turkey sandwich , john devoured it .
if it rains , who will leave ?
john just deleted a file .
john just got back from france .
john should go .
it is a beautiful day .
john just figured out a solution .
the birds are singing .
john will be back tomorrow .
john was working when the lights went out .
john just found his keys .
the cat that chased the dog over there ate a mouse .
as for the mouse , the cat ate it .
john has two mice .
the cop will give bill a ticket .
john is eating .
sue does n't like john .
someone will find your keys .
after i had finished talking to john , sue called to inform me .
john loves mary .
john should not go .
john worked until six o'clock .
i like nuts but only with salt .
john over there used to like chocolate .
as for the mouse , the cat ate it .
i have gone on a tour through europe , through countries like italy and greece .
who hates john ?
bill plays the guitar .
mary does n't know the answer .
have you driven across the united states ?
john refuses to finish his work .
john left at four o'clock .
john had already taken off for work when he realized he left his computer at home .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
if it rains , john will leave .
mary just got back from italy .
if i was n't allergic to peanuts i would go ahead and eat them .
john just bought a new car .
my car is old .
someone will figure out what happened .
who prefers to go tomorrow ?
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him to say " hello " .
who did john see yesterday ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john decided to move recently .
who did john see yesterday ?
mary is going to win the competition .
who hates john ?
as for john , he likes   mary .
i left awhile ago .
if you do n't know the answer then why did you raise your hand ? !
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him but then she ignored him and walked away .
does the cat who chases the mouse drink water ?
i enjoy working for carol .
john will leave when it rains .
it will rain next week .
mary can swim , i 'm sure of it .
the sun was shining .
a cop pulled john over and gave him a ticket .
john has deleted the file .
all of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
children are playing in the garden .
john will go .
john just bought a new house .
if it rains , bill will bawl out sue .
john is a doctor .
does the cat that chases the mouse drink water ?
john found his keys .
john is reading a book now but he is going to read a magazine afterwards .
john told bill about the situation .
what does the cat who chased the mouse drink ?
john is waiting until next week .
john will win the competition .
as for john , he loves mary .
after i had finished talking with john , mary called and informed me of the news .
i should leave work .
if you do n't know the answer , then why do you raise your hand ?
bill plays the guitar , john plays the drums , and i sing .
as for my umbrella , i forgot it , but i still brought my raincoat .
if the rain has ended , john will have taken off .
john really loves chocolate with nuts .
as for my umbrella , i forgot it .
who loves john ?
john was driving along when he realized he forgot his license .
john leaves at seven .
as for john , who is it that loves him ?
john arrived at seven o'clock .
i 've never been to spain .
i could have left .
i forgot my umbrella but i still brought my raincoat .
john was sitting on the grass when he saw mary .
have you gone to spain ?
who prefers dark meat ?
john works until six o'clock .
as for my umbrella , i forgot it .
while mary was walking to school , she   realized she left her computer at home .
in the past , when i have eaten nuts i did n't like them .
john just finished working when the lights went out .
john is working until six o'clock tonight .
mary did n't see anyone .
who wants coffee ?
the air is / was cool .
who prefers dark meat ?
if it 's raining there , john will have taken off .
who loves john ?
sue refused to finish her job .
john did n't break the window , i did .
john used to play football .
john tends to hit the sack at 10 o'clock .
john used to run every morning .
john always wants to play football .
the cat that chased the dog ate the mouse .
as a boy , john used to play pinball all day .
if he / she / it is hungry , he / she / it will eat a mouse .
who hates john ?
john is reading a book .
john did n't finish reading the book .
john will beat mary in the race .
who failed the exam ?
i would certainly have left to go to the game .
when someone finds out how it happens , we will be able to figure it out from now on .
who voted for bush ?
who prefers dark meat ?
john leaves work here at seven o'clock .
john is eating a sandwich .
i should have left school .
i forgot my umbrella but i still brought my raincoat .
sue used to really love chocolate .
what did the cat that chased the dog eat yesterday ?
john is a teacher .
john has visited mother .
have you gone to europe ?
everyone was shocked when westling announced his retirement since no one knew about it beforehand .
john finally found his keys .
john has eaten a turkey sandwich .
john used to like chocolate .
john has told bill about the situation .
john broke the window .
did he / she see something ?
john should not go .
john decided to move away .
sue 's favorite ( food / vegetable ) is corn .
sue 's favorite ( food / vegetable ) is corn .
john will not go .
who saw john ?
he / she / it loves mary .
john saw an old friend .
john shot him / her / it .
as for john , who loves him ?
john did not see anyone .
sue prefers watermelon .
it will rain now for two weeks .
as for the mouse , who ate it ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john did n't break the window , mary did .
after i was done talking to john , mary called me to inform me of the news .
john has two cats .
i must inform you it wo n't be easy .
i found john 's keys .
john did not find his keys .
who supports new york ? ?
john likes chocolate .
when john finishes his work , the lights will go out .
out of all my students , only one failed the exam .
john is waiting until tomorrow .
john finished work when the lights went out .
john watches tv everyday .
john was just able to finish his job as the lights went out .
sue likes john .
john just finished work .
who wants to buy girls scout cookies ?
john has n't found his keys yet .
who knows french ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
i have never been to europe .
john knows the answer .
i 'm not sure if i will come to graduate school here at bu .
john had n't finished his work when the lights went out .
if you want to fix it , you must disconnect it first .
what did the cat who chased the mouse drink yesterday ?
have you been to australia ?
john is tired .
as for the children , they 're in class now .
if i was n't allergic to peanuts , i would go ahead and eat them .
the pigs blew on the fire and it grew .
a wolf saw the three pigs ; they all screamed and hid , each in his own house .
this is the story of the three pigs .
wolf arrived .
the pig went into the wood house .   he and his brother asked themselves what they should do .   they sat down together .
it was a beautiful brick house .
the pigs felt the roof vibrating .   they looked up ...
the wolf looked at the house .   it looked different -- it was made of brick .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks .   he slowly built the house .
the wolf held his sore behind in relief , then ran away .   the three pigs happily celebrated and danced .   they lived together for ever after .
the wolf inhaled deeply and blew at the house .   the grass house blew away .
the three pigs said , " no , we 'll see about that .   go ahead -- try . "
the wolf went to the grass house and looked it over .
to build his house , he chopped up trees .
the third pig was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
wolf inhaled deeply and then blew the house away .
the pigs looked up .   the wolf looked down the chimney and started to climb down .   his tail hung down under him .   the fire burned beneath him .
there is a wood house .
the wolf was getting more angry .   " again ! " he yelled . " one , two , three ... " he took another deep breath and blew at the house .
the pig refused . he closed and locked the door , sat , and waited .
the two pigs were left under the open air ; they were sitting , looking around , and saw the wolf !
the grass house was blown away .   the pig looked around in shock .
he cut down some grass ...
again , there is the grass house .
wolf looked at them and said , " i am ready to catch and eat you ! "
... on which area each would have and went ahead to start setting them up .
he built himself a house made of wood .
the wolf said , " i 'm ready to eat you three .   i 'll do it . "
" i smell pigs .   where are the pigs that smell so delicious ? "   thought the wolf .
she informed the three pigs that it was time for them to go away and be on their own .
wolf said , " i warned you , one ... two ... three ... "
then what happened was a wolf arrived in the area
the house still stood strong .   the pigs started celebrating even more .
" i could go up to the roof and down the chimney , " the wolf thought , and he started climbing .   the three pigs stopped celebrating inside the house .
but ...   he did n't decorate a whole lot , either .   he was just average .
... bundled the grass , and built his house with that .
a mother took care of her three pigs .
the three pigs said " ok , " and then left .
the pig looked up to see the wolf staring at him .
the wolf wondered what he should do .   he looked around the house and saw the chimney coming out from the roof .
" i will visit often , " she said .
the next pig , well , he was n't lazy ...
wolf chased after the pigs .   two pigs went into the brick house .
he looked and got scared .   he got up and ran to the wood house .
the wolf started to get angry .   when the three pigs realized that they were safe , they began to celebrate .
the house was still standing ; it was a strong house .   the wolf was surprised .
the wolf looked at the pig and said , " ok , i warned you . one ... two ... three ... "
so the first pig had a grass house .
one of the pig 's tended to be lazy and just do things ' well enough ' .
she said " go ahead and build your homes " .
the pig , i mean , the wolf arrived and stared at him .
... and realized that the wolf was trying to come down the chimney .   " ahh ! hurry ! " they said and hastily built a fire in the fireplace .
he did n't want a fancy house .
wolf reached down to attack , but two pigs ran away towards the brick house just before wolf could catch them .
the three pigs went out looking for a location .
when the three pigs grew up ...
he arrived at the wood house .
the wolf looked toward the pigs and said , " fine .   ready ? ... " he took a deep breath and blew at the house .
" i warn you , get out or else i will snatch you and eat you up ! " wolf said .
the pigs went in and discussed what to do ; they closed and locked the windows and doors .
the fire began to burn the wolf 's tail .   the wolf threw himself out of the chimney ; he flew out .
the wolf was surprised .   he had been confident that he would destroy the house .   he looked back at the house .
he tended to put a lot of effort into his work .
the pigs said , " what should we do ?   let 's wait and see . "
each pig went off in their own direction .
he built a ( wood , no ) brick house .
they finally found an area . they all seemed to agree ...
the wolf landed in a pond ; a ball of steam rose from the pond .
then he will go and buy another book .
the teacher expects john to read a lot .
when that 's done , when he 's read the book , he will give it to the teacher .
john is in the house right now reading a book .
his parents have been giving and buying him books for a while now .
( the teacher ) regularly watches him ,   encouraging him to read .
what he is crazy about reading about is cars .
he pulls off the lid ...
the victim 's body still lies there limp .   he is frustrated .
the house shakes again , louder and worse than before .   he ran downstairs .
he pries open each corner .
" i ... it must ... i do n't know "
he replaces the cover .
... and he nails the lid back on .   he is exhausted .
from now on , i wo n't sleep . that 's it .
" i wo n't go to sleep . "
he walked upstairs .   " it could n't be ... "
" it must be a head trip or something , "
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
the coffin shakes violently
he takes off the lid and a hand reaches out of the coffin and chokes him !
he looks at the limp body in the coffin
he puts the cover back on and nails each corner .
" nah , i am fine , " he reassures himself .
when the sun rises , he asks himself , what was that , with the shaking ?
" what was that ? " he asked .   " i do n't know . "
" i think it was only a dream , or just my imagination about things .   i do n't know -- forget it , " he said
" i am fine , " he said .
he drank coffee all day .
he continues through the forest as lightning strikes and rain pours .
he spots his victim in the distance ; the victim looks back over his shoulder , as the husky man continues to walk in persuit .
through a forest road lurches a husky person .
the sun sets .   lightning strikes .   rain falls .
the trees pass by , as lightning strikes and rain pours .
he keeps drinking cofffee .
a person was holding heart while carrying dead person .
the tapper thrusts his hand into his victim 's body and pulls out the heart .   he picks up the body and slings it onto his shoulder .
" i 'll go to sleep , " he says .   he gets under the covers ...
taps the shoulder .   the tappee turns , then looks forward again .
he keeps drinking it through sundown .
the attacker walks through the forest , up a winding path to a house .
the attacker takes a big bite of the still - beating heart , then throws it away .
he nailed down each corner of the lid and pushed the coffin back .
" ok ... " and he puts the cover back on .
" that person is somewhere inside the house .   oh , no ... "
" ... and i ate his heart ! "
there is a lound banging , and the house shakes .
" i killed him , " the person said .
sunset and then sunrise .   the house starts shaking loudly .
he gets out of bed and goes downstairs to see what is happening .
he puts the cover back on and nails down each corner .
he yawned , went upstairs , and went to bed .
he takes down a pry bar and pries open the coffin at each corner .
he picks up the victim 's body and lays it in the coffin .
he turns the doorknob , kicks open the door , and picks his victim back up .
he puts his victim down .   there is a wood coffin .
he removes the lid .
he gets his crow bar and opens the coffin
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
the sun sets , and just at dawn again the banging and the shaking begin
" nah , i must have imagined things . "
" i 'm going back to bed , " the man said .
" i better get going , " he said .
" nah , i must have imagined things , " he says to himself
he pries open the coffin
lightning strikes and rain pours .   a storm is whipping up .
two days go by , and he stays up , drinking coffee .
i will keep drinking coffee .
he lies back in bed .   the house starts shaking and banging around .
he stays awake , but eventually crashes and sleeps .
the attacker lays down his victim 's body .
it is empty .
" where did it go ? where did it go ? " he asks himself .
" really .... uh .... "
" really , is that man in here ? " he asks himself
he removes the coffin lid and looks in .
the black bike is better but the red bike is cheaper .
was the movie election any good ? is it funny ?
the mother and the boy are both going to the library .
father watched the boy smirk and it did n't seem like the boy was sorry .
the teacher did n't tell me class was cancelled so i went and sat there waiting for about twenty minutes .
my son wants to be an interpreter .
sorry , the library does n't let you borrow magazines . you have to stay here and read them .
now that it 's cold , i need better shoes .
do you want to go out and buy shoes ?
if i have a baby , i want to give it an irish name but the father wants to give it an italian name .
i sat and worked all day .
if it 's cold , my mom wo n't go out .
mother suspected that the boy was lying .
i want that black book .
that movie , election , is weird but it 's funny .
john works nights .
i want butter .
stop lying , it 's not funny . where 's mom ?
mary is funny . she really wants an ugly dog .
mother is deaf and sometimes her daughter interprets for her .
mary likes red shoes .
if i have a baby , i want an irish name but the father wants a french name .
i know that i should enter the haunted house at my own risk .
i asked my teacher for some advice and we had a discussion .
there 's not many animals here in boston .
my other friends joined me last night .
my teacher is a good advisior .
the movie is really scary .
the teacher gave out the answers to the test .
i love apples in the fall .
this afternoon i 'm going to the store .
i have to take the test again .
i volunteer to help other organizations .
my mom is getting old .
i was picked to join the club . wow , it was an honor .
they assigned me many tasks .
age is n't important .
i love riding in airplanes and flying different places .
i have an appointment this afternoon with my teacher .
i have to discuss how i should approach the teacher appropriately .
last night , there was an accident and traffic was horrible .
alcohol is not always good .
last night i did a lot of homework .
i watched a movie last night . i was really scared .
my boss works in an office right above me .
i got a d in the class ; i accepted it .
i 'm almost finished with my homework .
i 'm always serious in school .
my sister blamed me but i am innocent !
i tend to exercise after class .
my worst enemy is my alarm clock .
yesterday i worked all day .
i noticed my sister acting strange .
i watched a movie last night and the actor was good .
last break , i completed all of my homework ahead of time .
i love action movies , not boring dramas .
i analyzed and looked over the math problem .
my ancestors are from germany .
dad is funny , but mom is serious .
the boy lied and blamed the dog .
joe is a good interpreter , but he is n't proficient .
john works at the library .
the library has a lot of magazines .
mother 's name is jane , not janet .
i lied and told my wife that her mom 's food was good when really it was n't .
the boy 's bike crashed and he fell off .
john is going to the library to read a good book .
the soup , gazpacho soup , is cold not hot .
when it 's cold outside , i love drinking hot chocolate .
if it 's hot out , john will go to the library and read a magazine because there is air conditioning in the library .
good night
i like that boy . he 's funny .
do you think people magazine is any good ?
bob works at the bike store .
the boy wants new shoes .
wearing black clothes in the summer will make you hot .
if you are going to interpret , you must wear black clothes .
do you want butter ?
i 'm tired .
i 'll read anything , i do n't care .
i ca n't believe there has not been a decision yet .
you said you wanted to punish him / her so go ahead do n't dismiss it .
you do n't want anything ?
you do n't want anything ?
no , i ca n't believe he / she is guilty .
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? oh it 's boston ?
just so you know , your fingerspelling is lousy .
i am warm too .
your family , specifically your parents , are important .
two plus one equals six . no , two plus one equals three .
do you want anything ?
i 'll follow whatever , i do n't care .
i ca n't believe john did n't buy the turkey .
i ca n't believe it 's not raining . i 'm surprised .
no , i told her that it was fine .
i 'm happy .
no , i like anything , i do n't care .
i doubt that the two of them have decided what to do yet , and i 'm confused by that .
i think obama will win again .
it 's illegal to not have a tax .
you are breaking the rules if there is no tax .
you do n't want anything .
i ca n't believe he / she is not guilty . i thought he / she was guilty .
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? bustun ? no , it 's boston .
no , when it does not snow , school will still be in session .
no , he / she did not come home .
if it 's raining , i"m staying home .
when it snows , school is cancelled .
in event of snow , school is cancelled .
france has a king now ?
if it 's raining i 'm still going outside .
if it snows , school wo n't be cancelled .
in the event of snow , school is not cancelled .
you 're going to the mall today ? can i join ? my car has a flat .
if there is no snow , then school will continue .
when there 's no snow , my ski trip is cancelled .
no , mary did n't stop rowing .
if it 's raining , i stay home .
when it 's raining , i go out , i do n't stay home .
if it snows , school is cancelled .
yes , he / she talks a lot .
obama is from philadelphia .
now france 's king is bald .
if it snows , school is not cancelled .
school will continue if it snows . it wo n't be cancelled .
no , it did n't rain .
i stay home when it rains .
when it happens to rain , i stay home .
when it snows , school is cancelled .
mary never started rowing .
france`s king is bald . no , that 's not true .
if it 's raining , i 'm not going out .
when it rains , i still go out .
when it snows , school is not cancelled .
no , he 's not from philadelphia .
bob does n't know president silber because he is n't the president anymore .
in the event of no snow , there is still school .
if there is no snow , school will continue .
in the event of no snow , my trip has to be cancelled .
when there is no snow , my ( starts signing " trip " ) ski trip will be cancelled .
john did n't break the window sally did .
if it 's raining , i stay home .
if it snows , school is cancelled .
is france 's current king bald ? no ...
john did n't break the window , he cracked it .
france 's king is bald .
is the king of france bald ? no , france does n't have a king now .
if it snows , school still wo n't be cancelled .
did john break the window ?   no , he broke the door .
does your car have a flat ? no , it does n't .
john broke the window ?
i stay home when it rains .
if there is no snow , my trip is cancelled .
if there is no snow i will cancel my ski trip .
no , mary did n't quit rowing .
when it rains , i 'm not staying home , i 'm going out .
if it snows , school is cancelled .
when it snows , school is n't cancelled .
obama is n't from philadelphia , he 's from chicago .
do you like boston ?
" pete does n't know how to use a computer . " " no , pete is a genius . he has three computers at home . "
does jack have money ?
when jack went out , did he see something strange ?
who bought the car ?
which college does mary go to ?
why is dad upset ? i have no idea ...
who is liz 's famous sister ?
" i suggest that you don`t fly with american airlines because their plane tickets are expensive . "   " no . well , yes , they are probably expensive but if they are really expensive , i`m stuck because they are the only one with a direct flight from boston to miami . "
would the game finish before six ?
does the party tonight start at 8 or 9 ?
is bill planning on moving to new york ?
" the water i drank tasted funny . " " no it tastes normal to me . "
did jack and sue already meet ?
you 'll see mary at the party . would you tell her to call me ? " " i doubt that i 'll be going out but if i see her i will tell her to call you . "
someone bought the car . who was it ?
who arrived late ?
where did sue move ?
" he / she should n't go to the baseball game because it 's going to rain . " " no , it 's not going to rain , and even if it did , the baseball game would n't be cancelled . "
" it never snows here in boston . " " yes , it snows a lot in boston . have you spent a winter here before ? "
" you are afraid of heights , right ? " " no , i 'm not afraid of heights . why would you think that ?
did someone win the lottery ?
who found my keys ?
" we will serve peanut butter to everyone that likes it . " " no , beth is allergic to peanut butter . she ca n't eat it so we ca n't serve it . "
who loves bill ?
how many children does phil have ?
 don`t eat cookies with butter .   well , i like cookies , but if they have butter , i still don`t care . 
are jen and joe married ?
you look like you do n't feel good . are you okay - what 's wrong ?
what kind of car did you buy yesterday ?
are you going to school tomorrow ?
if there is warm weather then there wo n't be snow .
the train may be late if it 's raining .
if mom comes , i have to clean the house .
if you study consistently , you will ace the class .
are you watching the football game ?
do you like class ?
if you work hard , the boss will like you .
do you have class tomorrow ?
if you plan ahead of time you can save money .
do you like work ?
are you hot or cold ?
who does he / she like ?
if it snows tomorrow , then it 's a guarantee that school will be closed .
if all the students arrive on time , there wo n't be a test .
i hope there 's pineapple cream cheese .
i 'm serious , the car is broken . i tried the key but it is n't working .
no , i did use the right key . the car is broken .
if it 's snowing outside a lot , will school be cancelled ?
when it snows out a lot school closes right ?
no , not pineapple cream cheese . lox is better for me , that 's it .
the teacher did n't make the reading required . it 's uncertain whether or not john will read the book now .
if my mom says i can go to the concert , i 'll be thrilled .
i already know that there 's pineapple cream cheese .
no , i do n't have a car .
if there 's no snow outside then normally school is n't cancelled .
if it stops snowing outside then school will reopen tomorrow .
i wo n't be thrilled if there 's pineapple cream cheese .
no , i do n't like pineapple cream cheese . i prefer lox .
i will be thrilled if i see my friend tomorrow .
i 'm letting you know that the car is broken down , i used the the right key .
if it 's snowing out , then school is cancelled .
who went out when it was raining ?
the teacher made the reading required for john so he had to read the book .
if you 're arriving late , it 's fine . i just have to call the restauarnt and postpone the reservation .
if all the students pass the test , then there will be no school tomorrow .
if the teacher requires john to do it ,   john will read the book .
no , i do n't have a car .
i do n't have a car at all .
if there 's no snow outside , normally school will be open .
i wish there was pineapple cream cheese .
i really do have pineapple cream cheese .
the teacher did n't make the reading required so john did n't read .
you 're wrong , that is not pineapple cream cheese . i prefer lox .
i 'm excited for when my friend and i go to the concert .
no , i would n't stop vomiting if i had pineapple cream cheese . lox only is fine with me .
you are wrong . no , i prefer lox , i don`t like pineapple cream cheese .
no , i would not stop vomitting if i ate pineapple cream cheese . i prefer lox .
nope , i do n't have a car .
no , he / she did n't stop .
my pay increased a little bit .
he / she is n't guilty .
he / she did n't finish because he / she was laying around .
i 'm not skilled .
did i say john ? oh , i made that up . i meant james .
he / she does n't want anything ? i doubt that . i think he / she wants something .
it 's raining so much . wow .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
it does n't matter to me . i like anything .
the box is n't small it 's large .
it has n't rained recently .
it was n't me who started to open the can .
it 's not raining outside right now .
i 'm not .
i am not warm , i am cold !
i am very unhappy .
i 'm not happy .
john did n't buy the turkey .
the boy never goes home .
is it raining outside ? no , because the temperature dropped , it 's snowing .
mary stopped rowing . she 's not going to do it any more .
the box is really big , it 's not small .
john broke the window .
i did n't wash my clothes .
wow , i 'm really tired .
he / she does n't want anything ?
i doubt that he / she wants anything .
john did n't break the window , sally did .
the box is small .
the box is not small .
no , i did n't go .
did mary stop rowing ? no , she 's never rowed until now .
did john read that book ? no , he never started it .
i start off warm and then later i get really hot .
i 'm not warm , i 'm hot .
i 'm not tired .
his name is not john ... wow , it 's awful .
he / she really feels nothing ?
that dog is n't mine .
the box is n't small , it 's tiny .
the box is really big .
the boy arrived home .
john did n't buy the turkey .
i did n't see the accident , i was asleep .
john did n't see me .
no , i 'm not happy .
i 'm not happy , i 'm sad .
i do n't want anything .
john did n't buy the turkey , james did .
john did n't break the window , james did .
go home !
it 's not raining outside . oh , wait a minute .
i like chocolate cereal but there is n't any . why is that ?
the sister does n't like chocolate cereal .
the weather is lousy today .
there is no homework today .
dad likes chocolate cereal .
dad is like me . he likes chocolate cereal .
mary is a vegetarian .
mom likes surprises .
no , i do n't like chocolate cereal .
the weather today is beautiful .
no , mary is not a vegetarian .
the weather today is n't lousy , it 's fine .
mom does n't like surprises .
the weather is n't beautiful today .
i like pineapple cream cheese .
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
no , your sister does n't like pineapple cream cheese .
yes , i like pineapple cream cheese .
my father and i are alike . we both like pineapple cream cheese .
no ! i do n't like pineapple cream cheese .
i prefer lox cream cheese .
if that is pineapple cream cheese then i wo n't eat the bagel .
i agree with you . if that 's pineapple cream cheese then i wo n't eat the bagel .
thirdly , the hospital often will discuss about the communication options .
it seems that parents must choose one between oralism , cochlear implant , sign language or cued - speech . they ca n't pick all of the options .
it is very intimidating . there will be seven professionals informing the two parents that their child seem to be sick or have the " cancer " .
that 's how powerful the language is .
we will be talking about early intervention now . when parents gives a birth to a baby , the baby would go to a hearing screening .
one group would use the word hit ; other group uses smashed ; and another group uses collided . i think there are four or five different words / groups .
then they would ask the hit group about the car and whether if the glass was broken .
there is another research in australia with the similar idea .
there are two groups with same guidelines . one group has deaf professionals being involved , while another group did not .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor often perform better . there is a research that studies two groups from utah and tennessee .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
why do n't we discuss it as the journey through experience ?
ask the next group how fast were the cars going before they collided .
it seems like the hospital needed to intervene because the parents were doing lousy job with their child .
the baby is just deaf . it 's not their fault , they 're doing perfectly fine .
of course the parents would be scared . " i am sorry " is never a good thing .
similarly , the study asks them how fast were the cars going before they crashed into each other .
the study notices how the hit group thinks that the glass was n't broken at all .
then they regathered the groups a week later and asked them some questions .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if we change that , it will influence the deaf children to develop better .
they often use the word " diagnosis " it 's very negative and it 's used for more negative references , such as sickness or cancer . or maybe terminal illness .
it makes sense because the parents will learn from the deaf mentor after including him / her in the family . the parents will start to realize how important it is to involve in the deaf community .
parents can not simply rely on a deaf mentor . they must do more such as being involved in the deaf community .
a deaf role model who has been trained can show the parents that he / she is perfectly fine .
he / she can read and write . he / she can communicate . he / she can work . he / she has an education . there 's a long list of that and he / she is perfectly fine .
that makes it to seem like an opportunity to do more than one .
they really can do all of the options . one family can choose to use sign language , and if another family wants to use speech , that 's fine .
why do n't they use a word like " identified " as in " i 've identified this child deaf " ? now it does not seem bad at all .
now parents often would start considering discussing with the hospital for the early intervention . but the word makes it seems like they are intervening .
the screening shows that the baby is deaf .
or ask the collided group about the car and if the glass was broken ?
the parents of the group with deaf professionals would get through the grief progress quicker and usually be able to move on quickly .
both locations had the same number of meetings ; same occurences of home visits ; same kind of school ; and the same resources .
except for utah group , the child had a deaf mentor , while the group from tennessee did not .
it would turn into a positive thing .
often in the meeting ; all people in the room are hearing except for the baby .
the car was going around 20 mph when it smashed . the smashed group said they think the car 's glass was broken and it was going around 60 mph . but , actually , the glass was n't broken at all .
why do n't we use " early involvement " , which means involving the parents by sharing the resources and working together ; and not intervening them .
then they would refer the parents to the early intervention professionals .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two parents . wow .
car was going only twenty to thirty mph . it shows how the language influences individuals ' answers even though they all were watching the same video clip .
for example , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
be friends with their child 's friend 's parents . it 's important to be connected and they must collaborate with others .
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , we are missing the link of connection between the parents and the deaf person .
the doctors often would say " we should discuss the grief progress . here 's the social worker and counselor , they will help you to nagivate the grief progress . "
the parents might will perceive this as something they should to be upset about .
or they will ask another group smashed about the car and whether if the glass was broken .
so , for the hit group , they asked them how fast were the cars going before they hit ?
" intervention " implies the need of intervening such as an intervention for drug addicts , stopping something from happening , or when a kid is not behaving well .
the first thing the doctor and nurse would say to the parents would be " i am sorry . " it 's an automatic negative . " i am sorry that your child is deaf " .
ask another group , the crashed group about the car and whether if the glass is broken .
not just in the hospitals , but in general .
there is one interesting study . what the study did they grouped people together and have them watch a video clip of car accident .
i will talk about the early invention field and how hospitals deal with informing the parents when the child is deaf .
there are so many things that are wrong with the system .
when a deaf child does not have a deaf mentor , the family will continue to be disappointed and their grief will last longer .
so , the family must have a deaf role model supporting them .
the study noticed that the deaf child from utah resulted in better social , emotion and cognitive developments .
we should bring in the deaf mentor to meet the parents .
i will list some . for example , the power of language in hospitals .
while for the deaf babies , they are not any of them .
it 's important that the child signs . hospitals do n't use ' communication opportunities ' as their word choices .
the article you wrote for the boston globe was good .
have jack and sue met ?
american airlines is n't that expensive , but if it was , then i 'd be stuck because it 's the only airline that flies between boston and florida .
no , i 've never run a marathon before , and i do n't plan to start now .
your mom will love the gift you just bought for her .
when does the party start , at 8 or 9 ?
there 's no book on the table .
no , no one has found the umbrella , it 's still missing .
no , he`s not a vegetarian ; he eats meat .
i met a lot of interesting people last night .
the watch that my brother just found is real gold !
i do n't know if my sister likes boston .
where did sue move to ?
no , i 'm not scared of heights . what makes you think that ?
no , the movie starts at 10 .
no , that 's not sarah jessica parker , that was sarah palin , they 're different .
who was it that just bought a car ?
yes , i do have homework . i need to write a three - page report .
no , today 's thursday , which means tomorrow 's friday .
no , i 'm going to hawaii for spring break .
no , it`s beautiful outside ! the sun`s shining and it`s warm and beautiful !
wow , that coat you just bought looks warm !
no , my roommate wasn`t arrested ; i just had breakfast with her .
who arrived late ?
oh no , if there 's a hurricane , the game is definitely cancelled .
no , he 's only 5'6 " , he 's short .
no , i just came back from dinner . they had no ice cream .
the dvd that netflix sent me was all scratched up .
the driver of the car that rear - ended me at a red light was talking on the phone at the time .
which famous actor is liz related to ?
how many kids does phil have ?
pete loves computers ; he has three set up one next to the other at home !
no , it wo n't rain , but if it does the game will be cancelled for sure .
no , i just finished homework .
that dog that 's chasing the cat is n't mine .
which one of you found my keys ?
no , mitt romney is a mormon , but rick perry is n't .
that student who was on the quiz show did n't win .
will bill move to new york ?
we ca n't give out peanut butter , beth is deathly allergic to peanuts ,
have you ever lived through a winter in boston ? it snows a lot !
no , he lost all the games .
does jack have money ?
did jack see something weird while he was waiting outside ?
i like it , if it has butter , i 'm fine with that .
i do n't think he was planning to go , but if i see him , i 'll have him call you .
no , i was n't old enough to vote at that time .
the man who broke into a house in newton is probably the same person who broke into a house in brookline ,
why is jack nauseated ?
what kind of car did he buy ?
oh no , my mom hates surprises .
no , we do have class next week .
no , i just came back from dinner . they had ice cream .
jim threatened to sue the man who punched him .
why is father upset ?
i just drank it and it tastes fine .
no , he lives in a small apartment in the city .
the game finishes before 6 ? what time ?
are jen and joe married ?
someone found my keys , who was it ?
who bought a car ?
cool ? no , mcdonald 's is a fast food resteraunt , they give out hamburgers .
the man who was just thrown out of the plane was alec baldwin .
the cat that my neighbor found was small and hungry .
which college did mary go to ?
who fell in love with bill ?
what ? no , right now we 're in an economic crisis .
i thought it was terribly boring .
who bought a car ?
when bob enters the surprise party , everyone will spray silly string at him .
if i went to a public school , i will not pay attention because of the lack of communication .
when did you graduate high school ?
who 's driving ?
my friends are planning a surprise event .
where did you put the tree ?
i love you because you are so good at making people laugh .
when my friend starts to surf the internet , i have to tell him to do homework .
why is your friend addicted to surfing the internet ?
what are you looking at on the internet ?
when do you start work ?
why do you work all night ?
did my friend drive ?
back in high school , my mom would wake me up every morning because i did n't feel the alarm and slept through it .
i arrived at school late because i got into a bicycle accident .
my friend loves traveling all over . his favorite place is asia because their food is delicious .
when my boss calls me , everyone looks at me and they know i 'm in trouble .
have the friends traveled before ?
is that videogame easy to beat ?
where is the grocery store ?
if my friends are traveling , i have to join them .
when i arrive at india , i have to send a letter to my parents thanking them for supporting my travels expenses .
when do you start travelling ?
when did my friends start driving ?
my friends are playing video games .
people are n't using records anymore because they have ipods now .
last night , i played basketball with friends . it was a close game and we barely beat them , 30 - 28 .
my friends get together to go out because there is a party .
if my friend is sick of driving , we will switch and i will drive .
who is going out fishing ?
i 'm working .
when are the friends going fishing ?
you have to work all night ?
was the fishing trip with friends fun ?
my friends are going out to a party together .
my friend , if he has nothing to do , he will play video games all day .
my friend likes to use the internet because he uses google chrome and it is fast .
how much is that tv ?
if my friend succesfully surprises bob , kudos to him because it`s nearly impossible to surprise bob !
where did you go to high school ?
my friend is driving .
do your friend love surfing the internet on their laptop ?
what 's your job ?
when my father starts to play video games , i go upstairs because it 's boring to watch him play .
when a friend calls me via vp , the lights flash on and off .
where do you want the video phone ?
what kind of party is it ?
my friends tend to surf the internet on their laptops .
my mother loves glasses because she looks cool in them .
during the winter , i tend to get sick a lot because i tend to wear flip flops .
my friends got together and planned to surprise bob for his 21st .
if i arrive to work late , my boss will fire me .
did you graduate high school ?
who is cooking dinner ?
where did you buy the car ?
when i arrive at school , i let my mom know that i have arrived at school safely .
why do you hate video games ?
why is your group of friends travelling ?
where did the friends drive to ?
i am going to school .
my friends are travelling together .
mac beats pc because mac is good at suiting people`s needs .
if my friend finishes his homework early , it is guaranteed he will be surfing the internet all night long .
my friend has to drive because i am tired .
if my friend drives , i will sit in the back and sleep .
where do you work ?
was my friends ' party good ?
those kids hate the principal because if they don`t do homework , he will yell at them .
one time , i missed my morning class because i accidentally over slept .
my friend likes to vp rather than text because he likes to communicate in asl .
if my friends are going fishing , i will check the weather report to make sure it 's okay .
my friend caught a fish . i hurried and got a bucket and filled it with water to put the fish in to save the fish for dinner .
who is planning to surprise bob ?
what time does the surprise party start ?
is the video phone clear ?
my friends are going fishing .
where are you going ?
when do you finish work ?
if my friend starts to play video games , he will continue until his eyes fall out !
where do you plan to travel ?
why do you have to use the video phone ? ca n't you text ?
when does the party start ?
my friends are videophoning from home .
i love movies . my favorite is comedy or horror movies .
i went ahead and worked all night . it was an opportunity to make more money .
my friend loves going fishing because he loves fresh fish for dinner .
if my friends are going to the party , i will join .
when my friends are   leaving to go to the party , i will let my roommate know that i will be joining them .
will bob be surprised by the surprise event ?
i got a b on last week 's test .
i 'm going out again next week to spend all my money .
i already went out and saw the movie .
i hope i pass the test next week .
i 'm going to the movies again next week .
this week i did n't save money .
i 'm studying this week for the test .
i just arrived now .
i hope john arrives on time next week .
last week john arrived late .
tonight , i 'm going to a movie .
i went shopping and spent two hundred dollars .
john has been treating mary awfully and i just want her to break up with him .
if you win the lottery , will you go to jamaica ?
if i do n't study , i will fail .
if i do n't study , i will fail .
who bought the flowers ?
near the end of the semester , i can not socialize as much .
he / she will buy flowers for you , for sure .
i do n't even have one dollar .
i do n't have any money .
if john did that to me , we would have broken it off a long time ago .
if i do n't study , i will fail .
where do we go if there 's an emergency ?
who bought the flowers ?
if i do n't read , i will be bored .
there is always a pop quiz on the days i choose not to study .
if it happens to rain i wo n't have an umbrella .
why did n't you buy car insurance ?
i can never find an umbrella when it rains .
even if you make only one tiny mistake , it will be tossed out .
what is that for ?
when i do n't study , there is always a pop quiz .
he / she will for sure give him / her flowers .
if i do n't have any money , i go to my aunt 's house and eat there .
... while i was growing up until i was six   and a half years old .
we were okay with it , so that`s when my family moved there .
i moved into the dorm again . during that time , my parents had been living where they were for more than seven years , but i had already left home before that .
i never lived in a house ...
so i didn`t need to worry about attending a hearing school or a deaf school .
my mother taught my two brothers and me , so it was easier for us to move around .
there 's something strange about myself .
because his job involved a big project located south , in new york .
that went on for around six years .
so we moved south to new york
so basically , i almost never went home to except for vacations or long weekends , that`s when i would commute . but , most of the time i stayed in rochester ...
so , we agreed with the decision and went ahead and moved south to new york ; it was around an hour north of nyc .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family at the new house in rochester .
so , may seem like i stayed there longer than seven years .     but then it hit me ...
i was like ,  oh , wow , that`s fine .  he wanted to transfer to rochester because he wanted to work at rit too .
... for more than seven years .
when i was nearly all done with rit . after about my third year . my father sensed that he had pretty much had it with ibm ; he wanted to retire and change his career .
since then , i have lived there for around almost three years .
... for two years , when i was a junior and then a senior in high school . after i graduated from high school , i went to r.i.t . , rochester institute of technology .
so , it was n't worth it for him to commute frequently for a long distance , it was better for the family to move away .
i lived there in a house with my parents and two brothers ...
i decided i wanted to transfer   to the rochester institute .
my parents were alright with it . i transferred to rsd , i stayed in the dorm .
my family decided to move to vermont because my father got a job transfer with ibm .
i guess i should`ve been moving away again , but my parents were okay with the same job .
i graduated recently , so that`s means i`ll be looking for a job , probably i`ll move away , so i wo n't have lived there for seven years .    now , i`m wondering from now on with the new job does that mean i might be moving around again for the next seven years or less ?    so i`m wondering , let`s see , oh well .
i wanted to be involved in sports and after - school activities , plus many other things . i wanted to be more socialized . so ,
still when i was twelve and a half years old , after six and a half years in all , my father found out that he would have to move away again
but , you might wonder how i managed , with moving frequently , well i was home schooled .
i grew up there between the age of six and a half and thirteen .
i was born in florida .
should i buy shorts ?
does my sister want a headband for her birthday ?
did dad mow the lawn ?
my aunt makes the best blueberry pie .
i invited my friends to a barbeque party .
father is mowing the grass .
is the library closed ?
is it raining outside ?
my friend went ahead and hosted a pizza dinner because he loves pizza .
i commute to work by bike because i ca n't afford a car .
did my friend go ahead with crashing the party ?
are the clothes on sale ?
i moved out of san diego .
the horses played on the farm .
did i buy the book yet ? no , i will buy it tomorrow .
when my computer breaks down and i do n't know what to do , i 'll ask someone for help .
mom is sick because she recently took care of her sick friend .
father must mow the lawn soon because we are having a barbeque party .
is playing frisbee fun ?
should i host a barbeque party ?
did bob give the rose to his sweetheart ?
i commute to work by bike .
if it 's raining tomorrow , i 'll stay home .
once i finish work , i 'm going home .
bob read a book .
do you enjoy talking with them two ?
did you already move to san diego ?
is bad weather coming to boston ?
does your family go on vacation every year ?
i need to buy shorts .
bad weather will come to boston soon .
is the water cold ?
the students must learn to listen to the teacher because the teacher is in charge .
do you know where to go ?
my friends crashed the party .
where should the tree be ? next to the garage .
bob sent a letter .
i missed last months rent so now i have to pay double .
do i look good in this plaid shirt ?
is mom sick ?
friends go together to the beach to lay out in the sun and tan .
friends play frisbee .
mom is sick .
did you buy a book ?
was i passed out drunk last night ?
will you host a pizza dinner ?
did bob arrive at the post office ?
is that the only one horse playing on the farm ?
the bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
my friend wants to buy a plaid shrit because his friend invited him to a costume party .
i enjoyed talking with the two of them .
i need to buy shorts because it 's hot outside .
my family vacation every year is in florida because everyone loves the sun .
bob has a big dog .
bob went to the post office .
was the movie good ? yes it was wonderful .
is it raining outside ? no , it 's beautiful and warm outside .
the teacher must clean the classroom everyday so that when the students come to class it will be clean .
is it healthy to lay out and tan ?
did bob send the letter ?
did the students really listen to the teacher ?
i am introducing you to a new friend .
ask for directions . where do i go ?
my sister wants a headband for her birthday because her hair is long and she wants a headband to keep it in place .
bob frequently gives his sweetheart roses .
bob has a big dog because he loves to wrestle with it .
did the bride and groom like their wedding ?
did i already pay the rent ?
my sister went water tubing .
my friend wanted to buy a plaid shirt .
my aunt is making blueberry pie .
i need to pay rent .
did donna give you the money ?
the bride and groom danced at their wedding by picking their song .
i enjoyed chatting with those two because we talked about asl .
bob needs to go to the post office to buy stamps .
the horse runs on the farm because it ca n't race .
bob wrote and sent a love letter to his wife because their anniversary is coming up soon .
did the group of friends arrive at the movie theater ?
have you met my new friend ?
your friend is messed up . he looks awful .
i was drunk last night .
the clothes are on sale .
friends go out to the movie theater .
what time does mom finish work ? at 2 pm .
my aunt is an expert at making blue berry pies because she grew up making them .
i 'm moving to san diego because i got a new job offer .
does your sister like water tubing ?
does bob like reading books ?
the clothes are on sale because they used to be expensive .
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
i like fireworks .
the teacher cleans the classroom .
if i fail a test , my mom will blow her top .
was your friend messed up ?
does bob have a big dog ?
my sister wants a headband for her birthday .
my friend was f**ked up last night because he drank too much .
my family goes on vacation every year .
my friend was passed out drunk because he drank too much on his birthday .
the group of friends go to the movie theater together to see harry potter 7 that just came out .
i introduced you to my new friend because he seemed lonely .
was the movie good ?
bob gave a rose to his wife because it 's their anniversary today .
bob loves reading books because he can visualize what happens in the stories .
do you commute to work by bike ?
do you like fireworks ?
friends hosted a pizza dinner .
the students listen to the teacher .
my friend just crashed a party because he recently finished his last exam .
ask for directions because i do n't know where to go .
bad weather is coming to boston because the city is close to the ocean .
if you win the lottery , we are going to jamaica .
if i do n't study , i am guaranteed to fail .
who bought flowers ?
when it 's near the end of the semester , it 's impossible to hang out .
he will buy flowers for sure .
i do n't even have one dollar !
it 's raining and it 's impossible to find an umbrella .
i wish john and mary will stop being in a relationship after seeing john play with her .
if i do n't study , i am guaranteed to fail .
there 's always a pop quiz when i neglect my studying .
it 's raining and it 's impossible to find an umbrella .
who buys flowers ?
when i do n't have money , i tend to go to my aunt 's and eat there .
if i do n't have a book to read , i get bored .
after not studying , there 's always a pop quiz .
why did n't you buy car insurance ?
if you spell even one word wrong , he will take away points for it !
if john did that to me , i wo n't be friends with him anymore .
when i do n't study , i am guaranteed to fail .
he will buy flowers for sure .
if there 's an emergency , where will you go ?
i have no money .
the car did n't break down .
everyday , john drives mary to work .
i have the right key for the car .
i 'm surprised . i ca n't believe it 's not raining . i wonder why .
no , the car is not broken .
the car is broken .
when mary 's car breaks down , john usually gives her a ride to work .
john drives mary to work .
the car did n't break down . maybe it ran out of gas .
does john drive mary to work ? no , he usually drives amy to work .
john drives mary to school , not work .
cousin john 's car broke down , do you remember ?
no , the car is not broken .
john drives mary to work everyday .
in the past , john usually drove mary to work .
the car has gas , i already checked .
it 's not raining .
it did n't even rain a little bit .
john did n't get into an accident with a truck , he got into an accident with another car .
mary 's car broke down . it 's fine because john will drive her to work .
john will drive mary to work .
the car did n't break down , the truck did .
no , the car did n't break down .
the car didn`t break down .
the car broke down .
the car is broken .
the car is n't broken . are you using the wrong key ?
yes , the car is broken down .
when john goes with mary , they do n't drive . they walk to work .
it was n't john whose car broke down , it was mary .
yes , the car really is broken down .
mom likes surprises .
john will drive mary to work .
no , the car did n't break down .
our cousin , john , broke the truck .
no , the car 's not broken .
why is n't there any chocolate cereal ?
my sister does n't like chocolate cereal .
my dad likes pineapple cream cheese , like me .
mom hates surprises .
it 's not raining .
there 's no rain .
john took mary and drove her to work every day .
the car did not breakdown .
the car has a full tank of gas .
no no no , i hate chocolate cereal .
no , i do n't like chocolate cereal .
if it has pineapple cream cheese on it , i wo n't eat the bagel .
when it has pineapple cream cheese on it , he wo n't eat the bagel .
why isnt't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
your sister does n't like pineapple cream cheese .
the weather is beautiful today .
mary is n't a vegetarian .
john wo n't take mary to work , he usually takes amy .
john is n't driving mary to work , he 's driving her to school .
no , the car did n't breakdown .
if mary 's car broke down , john would have to take her to work .
no , john did n't break the truck , mary broke the truck .
the car is really broken !
the car 's not broken , there 's just no gas .
the car is n't broken , you 're using the wrong key .
hey ! i like chocolate cereal .
i do n't like pineapple cream cheese .
the weather is n't beautiful today . oh well .
wow , it 's not raining at all .
john used to take mary and drive her to work every day .
john is constantly driving mary to work .
the car broke down .
the car did n't breakdown .
the weather is lousy today .
no , i used the right key .
no , that car is n't broken , the truck is broken .
i ca n't believe the car broke !
there 's no homework today .
i like chocolate cereal .
hey wait , i do like pineapple cream cheese !
mary is a vegetarian .
the weather 's not lousy today .
john does n't usually take mary to work , they usually walk to work together .
since mary 's car broke , john has been taking her to work .
john got mary and drove her to work .
john did n't break the truck , he actually destroyed the car .
the car really broke down .
dad likes chocolate cereal , like me .
i love lox cream cheese .
i do like pineapple cream cheese .
