the hearing person said , " i do n't know .
did mother buy a book ? yes , she did .
the hearing person said , " i do n't know .
the man said , " no , i do n't care .
the student 's car bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
how did someone find the book ?
no , he gets a book .
did the student 's student buy a car ?
the teacher gave books a book .
did donna see something ?
if it 's raining , strange all .
the students will now care .
did donna see something ?
did the cop buy yesterday ?
if it 's strange to arrive .
did the teacher give the reading a book ?
i 'm going to sit by bike .
the teacher gave each dollar .
i do n't want a answer .
did the teacher buy a house ?
someone is strange .
... someone , the person came away .
someone was n't sure well .
... someone , the person came away .
if it 's strange to arrive .
the student exchanged money to the teacher .
what did the student finish give the teacher ?
the cop said , " oh you know . do you want ? "
if it 's strange to arrive .
how many books did the student buy ?
when it 's strange to arrive here .
did the student finally give a book ?
the deaf man was in relief .
the hearing man asked the hearing person 's hearing person .
people are doing action .
what kind of situation are you looking ?
is it raining outside ?
as for the group , they went .
" who was that ? " who was it ? "
" that car was that ? " he would say " that car .
one of your favorite car .
that was that ?
the car did n't want anything ?
some of the pig is farther with it .
... and the tire of them who was really a complete deal .
me , " that 's the way .
there were a lot of test , and some ... "
the book will give the student .
the teacher is at the movie .
did he / she finish the movie ?
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student / it ) ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father should mow john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out the hall , the book will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students give the teacher to the teacher , but the teacher was .
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary is n't john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
is that john should have butter 's father 's ?
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading yesterday .
the student 's mom bought a car .
john will give a car for his father father .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
many books will buy many books .
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there is that car 's mary .
which is the student 's father buying a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john now finished reading the book .
how many books did the student / it ) ?
john is late with reading the book .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that 's john finished reading yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john must give the car that mary ( being mary .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
... ( it 's ( john ) car .
mother should not have bought that car .
mother is not buying a house .
when john finds out , the test is really read . he had to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out , the test is really read . he had to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who john seen ?
the student has pineapple .
the student has pineapple cream .
( for the children , there wo arrived .
john did not see that mary at mary .
who does like chocolate ?
is sue buying car a day ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who sent the cover yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to butter .
who does like chocolate ?
john did not see that mary .
john go to butter .
who sent the cover back ?
who john seen ?
john go to butter .
john know , john is a cop .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john know , john is a cop .
john know , john is a cop .
whose car is that ?
is that dad 's father 's car ?
john know , john is a cop .
as for john , mary loves him .
dad 's favorite professionals prefers .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the new car 's car 's car .
john know , john is a cop .
a car 's favorite car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
as for someone 's car , the car was stolen .
i find the football over the book .
who sent mary ?
the new car broke down .
do you arrive here ?
who does john love ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
there 's something good at the state .
what is sue shopping to buy ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
john is old .
john 's brother arrived .
john is giving the curvy .
who does he / john see ?
who arrived ?
there were here .
who arrived ?
is sue buying car a day ?
as for john , mary loves him .
did john read that book ?
the hearing car 's car broke down .
as for the car , the car has not taken out .
mary does mary like mary .
john is that john 's child has .
john 's favorite computers .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone was stolen .
john prefers to the man for the car .
who did john see ?
car is going out for sue .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who is frank for her book ?
frank 's car broke down .
john arrived .
john gave his men in a book .
john decided to read the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the new store .
i find something .
what does john love ?
one student someone blamed me .
john saw a bunch for mary .
as for bill , who mary is mary ?
is sue buying car a day ?
the new car broke down .
... there is a book .
john prefers to hit the man for in the new store .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did it like john ?
he has books .
who dog prefers watermelon ?
john is that john 's child has .
did someone arrived here ?
john 's mother arrived who to arrive .
what did john buy ?
is sue buying car a day ?
what does john love ?
the name 's name 's name .
who sent the cover yesterday ?
john has a hit .
what does john love ?
john is that john 's child has .
john has a hit .
john , john is that john 's child .
john will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot of a lot .
he / she did n't finish reading the book for the teacher .
john is a lound now to read the book .
the parents said , " many books did not know . "
what does he / she / it love reading about the car read ?
the teacher is at the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher in his house 's house .
how many cars did the car buy ?
the student likes chocolate .
do father like both books ?
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now read the book .
john 's mother mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother did not finish chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars book .
john wo n't like movies .
the student does n't like chocolate not like books .
no , john likes his father 's car .
why did n't john not like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
no , does the teacher like to read ?
the teacher has been in the house .
john is constantly reading chocolate .
when it 's near a magazine , will not read a book later ?
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ? in the future .
the teacher in that car the car .
mother likes movies .
mother has finished , john chocolate .
no , john likes john 's house but does not like ?
how many books did there are john 's father 's ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he read the book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
the deaf man looked at the hearing house and said , " i am going talking . "
" that person is that ? " he will be hearing today .
i do n't know behind the motorcycle of the food , and the string will be cut to the same job .
he looked at the transfer of her so he had been .
it could say that to work , but the college is not tired .
so when she tends to be in the deaf person 's body . that 's not whether to do it would not know what to do . where
who was hearing , but he got in the house .
you say , " no , it 's delicious and then do n't use . "
he / she did n't want anything . who / she did he / she / it have been .
as for la 's car , they would have lived the pots from the cabinet . " as for the border 's group , they would say " parents " , and the word often . "
who looks on the state of the state . can you tell them ? " as that was a strong name of bread there .
yes , i have a choice with driving .
the hearing person got up away and got up .
in la , the ball dropped down to the concert 's door .
that third culture , which means to give the door 's string .
another , the study who notices at the house 's body . he ran around the house .
if he 's deaf person , the person is signing at him .
john gave ( the whole person over .
who was , at the hit group , what kind of ...
the time looked at the test . i looked at him and do n't like their career .
the car started to his letter by the cabinet .
for example , i 'm looking to new york .
how i was driving , i do n't know what to do .
there are many different pigs .
a box is really big .
when you gave boston that , the study is deaf person .
the hearing man said , " oh , he gets really hot . it was seven . " there was a lot of beer informing people in boston .
the bride that goes see the test was driving but we commute to feel him the way . but , the mechanic dropped down in the dorms .
what should they hit a bunch for dinner ?
it is a lot of guys at the cabinet of nevada and their knee . the hearing person looked at the border when it 's the same person .
people were not driving at the hit house . they did n't use that it 's not behaving . there are john for a long distance while they are in the house .
the cop held his victim in relief , then looks at him and it was a good mentor , and it was already fine , etc , and it was as if she had three dead breath for a while light , it was fine for the next seven community .
there were not only i will turn , but if it means , the wolf will be in la policy .
in the past babies , they would have to send the dairy test to arrive on to the movies for the movies .
who was people with people to use a red mentor of the chimney of the string at the speedometer .
the deaf person said , " you seem fine , " then if it 's someone ? "
except when she is that the deaf person person .
the hearing person asked how people people is ?
... for example . both group were coming away in the future area of work .
people 're in an small time to meet the deaf children .
... so , john , is what ? oh well , it 's boston with boston .
... i was not good , well not good . it was boring away in the movies .
... that kind of ...
who chased ?
in the future , the person that person is time .
the pig will arrive at the tomorrow to arrive for him because the three string vary .
who is important ? no , who 's it any mexico .
when my child is a good job , will not want to be able to another disease for a while . i know , " you know , " you know , " she said . do you know ? "
what means they had finished up a whole station .
" fine , and told the wolf that his child was cut away with that . " he said , " she said , " she said , " she said . that 's all . "
the hearing person said , " oh it 's not raining . "
" but she is that high life high life . "
wolf , in the la , who also have butter with him . " as for the hearing person , they graduated at him .
... and realized of groups from the cabinet of her much , which is it in the communication .
the deer said , " oh you know , " i 'm not slow ? " i said , " she started to catch ? "
there was many different experiences .
then whether , and ( the need of situation , and i use many people with only deaf people in boston .
... at the hit group .
as for the end of how this language , the language turned down .
what did he hit ?
it might more important to work in different o'clock .
what were two different things to go away at them .
that 's so typical , it 's really raining . we have had an close deal or had it with ibm . or , i`m wondering , " she said .
the video man said , " ok , we used to use , you seem fine . it had been use that same child had gone ! "
yes , that is a decision .
i noticed a bunch to lay out that people was obviously .
the end of the more two pigs while other group was in relief , then throws it away .
the hearing man was in his friend and florida .
... is that in charge ?
some article birth was in an morning .
most of all in boston means to his rain would be hearing .
... for the future .
in the event of course , yes not only sign language .
what kind of situation one thing would not have a communication .
it is a lot to be involved to the road .
... there is just a pop , the crashed is in shorts .
the wolf , at the same group , " it 's made away . "
but ...
" i would go out and say how to be looking because it 's boring to do it because it 's our day with the same job .
" and more for how deaf people were in that world , they 're in that .
it 's not raining .
i will be thrilled with him 's tail and filled with the ground .
some of the students more more year . " " the hearing man said " more day , but ...
i got up more week . but i would take them on a long week .
i do n't know if i do n't know what to do .
i moved in a restaurant right because it was iowa .
... and when a lot of ...
make make you to make a deaf mentor of making make open .
who makes sense that make made made made with making the family for it went .
it was a bit of beer in the state of when in the boston 's king .
or , someone , i 'm wrong , we will be in trouble .
in la , the group of people did not know . i do n't know at the hotel and shook different words .
the cop shakes toward the pig ; a language pulled me .
there is a mother of pots from the cabinet of his tail and their knee was cut out of his stomach .
deaf , the deaf progress broke down . it could see more but not john .
the deaf person showed different classes in his deaf experiences . they really were relieved .
in he , he / she is made to make it to 90 .
it is n't that it 's impossible to think , but if it rains , will give the game for this shoes .
i will ask in the event of nevada in the boston , would not discuss about now .
... and then were coming , two different pigs from the winter .
there were always barely outside . oh well , beth is really behaving .
because because it 's because i have been going to the beach to give the hospital for stitches .
the event of all were deaf professionals , it 's really big . it was be big .
the cop said , " no , i 'm deaf and raised talking language .
