someone , it 's not going to speed .
yesterday bought a book .
someone , it 's not going to speed .
someone takes a bite .
yesterday bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone found a book .
he gave a book to give that book .
yesterday has john bought a car ?
the teacher gave that book .
has it seen something ?
someone , it 's raining to arrive .
there is not a students .
has it seen something ?
how mother bought yesterday ?
someone arrived at the store .
has that given that students ?
someone , so i could not have to take a mcdonald .
the teacher is fun .
what do he want to see that ?
yesterday bought a house .
someone 's something arrived .
someone , i had to take a motorcycle . we had to take a bite .
someone , it has been a motorcycle .
someone , i had to take a motorcycle . we had to take a bite .
someone arrived at the store .
how how many books is that the students ?
which is that that book ?
someone , someone , it has been a motorcycle .
someone arrived at the store .
how many books will students give ?
someone , if it 's raining here , we arrived here .
the students gave that book .
that deaf people have different .
that time that car had a deaf mentor .
people are actions .
there are no groups that many cars .
what is he / she / it going ahead to go ahead .
so , after that , he will go .
the waitress said , who is that ?
that 's that car .
one doctor , " i said , what is that ?
that 's that , that is that .
when many cars has been , he will buy .
one thing one of us said , " one ...
the hearing man said , " are you sure ?
we were thrilled .
some of us were trying on the test .
books will give a vegetarian .
the teacher is not in movies .
john just finished a motorcycle .
why bought that book ?
how many books will students give many books ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father had to chat john ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
the students 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out and went out to a book to read .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students gave a teacher which book is .
why should father buy books ?
what did john read a book about ?
john finished reading the book .
mary , mary , john will have been a car .
the students 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father .
john has never seen me .
that book john finished yesterday .
that is that 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his father .
john finished reading the book .
john must have more information in the future .
how many books will for john ?
will mother read a book ?
john has read that book .
john 's father have a beautiful car .
which is that students 's father bought a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after that group , john will read reading the book .
how many books will students give many books ?
john late reading the book .
john has never seen me .
when did john finish reading ?
john read a book .
mother will buy a house .
john has never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if it requires john to john , john will read a book .
that book john finished yesterday .
john has read that book .
john had to clean a car .
that book john has that book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
i have father given ( john ) ) .
mother should not buy that car .
mother is not buying a house .
john found out and a mother would read a book .
mother will buy a house .
has john finished reading books ?
john found out and a mother would read a book .
john finished reading that book .
what john bought yesterday ?
who john see mary ?
the students has parkinson .
someone has parkinson .
women arrived .
john used to play that mary .
who likes chocolate ?
is sue bought a ( car ?
what john bought yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for la yesterday , who mary .
who loves john ?
john should go to butter .
who likes chocolate ?
john used to play that mary .
john goes to california
who stays mary ?
who john see mary ?
john goes to california
john knows that man is .
john likes mary .
john is mary 's car .
john knows that man is .
john knows that man is .
who is that it 's car ?
is that she 's father 's car ?
john knows that man is .
john likes her to (
china is a vegetarian .
john loves her to work .
that time is that ?
that ( that john is john 's father 's car .
john is john 's car .
john has not given her to work .
it 's important .
john knows that man is .
it 's a car 's car .
john likes mary .
john is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car strikes .
i find that she had been thrilled .
who stays mary ?
a new car broke down .
my woman arrived here .
who john loves ?
what is john buying yesterday ?
how many women arrived ?
is sue bought a car ?
what is john buying yesterday ?
john is a old house to lay yesterday .
john 's brother arrived .
john blames coffee .
who does john see ?
who arrived ?
people arrived here .
who arrived ?
is sue bought a ( car ?
john loves (
john finished reading books .
it 's new cars broke down .
what is he / she / it going to buy ?
john likes mary .
john , that john has john 's woman .
john 's favorite bike .
what john bought yesterday ?
someone , the car strikes .
john gave a reply .
who did john see ?
what is that car 's car ?
who loves john ?
how did john see ?
who is not raining , who is that ?
frank 's car broke down .
john ca arrived .
john gave ( men .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving a motorcycle .
i found someone book .
what did he / she / john loves ?
one student has someone arrived .
john has seen that mary .
whose bill yesterday who mary is .
is sue bought a ( car ?
a new car broke down .
there is a book .
john gave ( men .
what is john buying yesterday ?
what did he / she / john like ?
he has a book .
who is that dog prefers ?
john , that john has john 's woman .
has someone arrived here ?
john 's mother arrived .
what will john buy ?
is sue bought a ( car ?
what did he / she / john loves ?
last name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name 's name
as for la yesterday , who mary .
john has a bunch .
what did he / she / john loves ?
john , that john has john 's woman .
john has a bunch .
john , that john has john 's woman .
john will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot to read .
he ca to finish reading that book .
john 's house now now .
there are many books so many books .
he / she loves reading about books .
the teacher is not today .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars is john ?
the students likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine now to read .
john 's mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother had chocolate that john yesterday .
john likes cars .
john likes movies .
john likes chocolate , like chocolate , like chocolate .
john likes mary , but john likes his father .
why john does n't like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
does the teacher like to read , like movies , like movies .
the teacher has been in the house .
john just finished chocolate .
i had to go to a party and read a book .
the students does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
john has finished that john chocolate .
father likes john , like john , like his car .
how many books john is john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
the teacher finished reading the magazine will read a book .
john will give chocolate mother .
the deaf man said , " oh , but i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " are fine .
as for the hearing person , he is just fine .
really , he / she / it will buy behind a motorcycle , culture of culture .
he looks and told him to work .
he decided to leave someone to the college , or something never .
so , when will you buy experiences mother , deaf , you have him know what to do .
who is that he / she is hearing to the store .
i had a lot of pots . i all had a lot of pots .
he / she is not fun . who is that he / she is not .
his wife would drive her to work .
whose people who looked to san people , but the deaf man likes .
we have an big idea to a police idea .
even , after that , i have been in the hands .
in the headlights , there is always a pop quiz .
that means that you were good , but that means a ball .
i noticed that , who is that , who is not boring .
if he / she is deaf , he usually 100 .
i gave that identified to a deaf person .
the cop who started to go in .
the mother began not sitting , but his career is not cancelled .
" from his airlines , who who has been .
for example to new york , and started to the road .
how i 'm studying , i do n't know how i do n't know ...
so so , i have a good intervention .
i thought it was different .
he gave that to give that , deaf , deaf .
so , she said , " are you sure . it 's a lot of good .
if he / she see , he will know , you know , but she got him to take him .
what are they going in and started to the hospital .
there are a lot of friends from a voice , and a tiny little bit .
there are many people that they were not a police mentor , not not not not .
the cop looked at a while , and told a good mentor , and she looks at a family , and it had a good phone , and it had a good phone and ankle at a face .
not only only i would not have to have a good time .
the waitress said , " are you going to arrive , you have to arrive that the movies , you have to enter a letter .
people were who who use a cop to come to the story of her phone in the stories .
the deaf person started to take him off .
wow , when is that deaf person ?
so , the study is in the motorcycle , how people is ?
... for a example , some places in the world , you tend to a big place .
people in that major intervention often has parkinson , we got to meet deaf .
so , often , that nebraska is that i have been in the email .
she pulled his wife . she did n't turn that a email accident .
that happened that he had been in la , she has butter .
who is that ?
in the future , that you have been sitting that you have been sitting .
he sent ( tomorrow , never arrived at csun .
who is that it 's any culture because it is any culture ?
he had been a good job , or a good little bit .
have you already finished a motorcycle ?
he wrote about the public , and the hearing of his shoulder .
i could not even be able through the voice .
but , he / she is high high high high high high high life .
there are many people that i have butter with him , and said , " i said , " ok , and said , " ...
in the hands , the ball went together in the job , and many days of power .
after that , when i had been travelling , i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i
there are many different experiences .
i decided to learn and use that , the deaf people said , " are you deaf .
... on that , that 's from that .
the deaf man thought how human language expressed .
what did he / she / it see ?
but , maybe it is more important , he will have lived in different o'clock .
that two different years of cows .
that 's his idea that i have parkinson . we had parkinson and cut , " you know , " you know , " you have parkinson .
the waitress said , " no , we have parkinson use , two -- i had parkinson use .
... and started to the road .
dana said , " i said , " i said , sign we said .
the idea of really more two different and a half .
that tony that football in the farm is around me .
... , that 's that she is cancelled .
this article current morning .
most of all , yes , there will be a good mentor , and gave it to a costume .
in the past , he wrote ?
people are in the event . there are not only dinner .
i would go to a while , but one number of one day , one time , one time , one time , one is still .
it had a lot to finish in that solution .
there is now talking about nebraska .
i had been different , so there were seven to the same .
but for that , he would go back at two o'clock .
now i would go to a shirt ; the intervention .
... and more intense how deaf people were in that time .
he / she is not laughing .
she would not have a headband with his hands , and plain with a voice .
some of those in the culture ...
... and i had to get a lot of pots , but i got up ...
there is not a big voice .
so for for food , it has a good quiz .
i had a lot of pots ; i make pineapple airlines .
they made to make a family make to make a family to make a family .
who makes a reply ?
the other idea of situation in the country .
or , if i will the wrong wrong , you think someone .
he happened about people .
he gave a bunch of language and a half .
the mother pulled me about me ; she had him blew down and pen .
deaf people are going to see that it could not allow .
the deaf person showed different classes in the deaf of us were okay , we 're close .
he made to make mary to put it for a email .
he would not give to give a motorcycle . he will not learn .
i had a lot of school in the event of us will study .
we gave a bunch of two different orientation from a winter .
... also , it is not boring . it 's going to dana .
i would say that he had been coming for a email .
all of all , the child were deaf . people are you looking . it 's big to a big time of school .
the cop stopped driving to the car and started talking .
