someone does n't know the answer , he was awful .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone does n't know the answer , he was awful .
someone does phil see the answer ,
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
who failed the exam ?
did the teacher really start to the movies ?
did the student 's father buy a car already ?
the teacher walked over .
who is cooking nauseated ?
how many kids does phil have ?
the student is really scary .
who is cooking before ?
the teacher bought a car .
when someone arrived ?
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
does phil want a answer , the answer decided ?
the teacher stopped at the movies .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the student buy a house yesterday ?
how many kids does phil have ?
what did someone find money ? no , he asks himself
someone saw the hit dog , " i am buying sure .
what did someone find money ? no , he asks himself
when someone arrived ?
the students gives out the answers to the test .
which many cars did phil give to the teacher ?
what did the cop arrest yesterday ?
when someone arrived ?
each books is a little bit .
how many kids does phil have ?
the students are giving the teacher a book .
how many things that deaf people can have to that that drop ?
... the quarterback , who has the running back .
people are very upset .
it 's the only thing :
would you look off ?
the birds are singing .
... it 's really raining , it 's tiny .
if there 's an emergency , the game will go to the rochester .
what kind of party is it that ?
there is a lound banging , and people fell off .
the horses are in the summer there .
there was a lound banging , and the coffin shakes .
all of us got in the spa .
it is ironic because we both fell before ,
there were tents set up , really ...
will the teacher clean the classroom ?
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher did n't buy the boy .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books has / have the teacher ) bought so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give ( his ) father 's car .
the student 's father bought to john .
mother will buy a house .
john 's father there drives a book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
did the student 's student buy a house yesterday ?
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's mother 's car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
in the class , john finished reading it .
will mother give the flowers ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after i read , john still finished reading .
how many books has / have the teacher ) bought so far ?
john has deleted the book .
john 's mother 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ? when ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's mother 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that boy finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has eaten a turkey sandwich .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john always mary and told him about the situation . we pulled over .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john always mary and told him about the situation . we pulled over .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who loves john 's car ?
the students have a deaf dog .
does someone have a letter ?
all night
john saw a old , mary loves him .
why do he like chocolate ?
sue is bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
the screening was definitely big .
who loves john ?
john should go .
why do he like chocolate ?
john saw a turkey sandwich . he was great .
john should go .
which one of you found my keys ?
who loves john 's car ?
john should go .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
whose car is that ?
is that john 's father 's car ?
john knows the answer .
mary is eating a sandwich .
is that videogame easy to beat ?
john loves mary .
that car is n't broken .
that is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
he / she must take sure .
john knows the answer .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is going to someone .
i found out that book .
who supports new york ? ?
the car is broken .
i need to go in often 3 !
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
how many kids does phil like ?
sue is bought a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
john really found a ham sandwich .
john just finished work .
john just deleted a file .
who did he / she who who ?
who arrived late ?
i arrived there for a while .
who arrived late ?
sue is bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to finish a book .
the hearing person thinks he would take sure .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is in the crib .
john found his keys .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone is going out .
john used to be a football player . he was great ...
who did john see ?
yes , the car is broken down .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many books did phil give to john ?
the car is broken .
john arrived .
john did n't give the reading book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is in the house right now .
i found something in the cop .
what did the cop who want to go to sleep ?
did the student arrive up ?
john saw an old who .
... as he is sleeping .
sue is bought a car .
the car is broken .
the teacher has a big weather .
john is in the house right now .
john did n't buy the turkey .
as for john , john looks .
the teacher has a big dog .
who supports new york ?
john is in the crib .
i arrived in .... .
john 's mother who mary loves .
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue is bought a car .
what did the cop who want to go to sleep ?
the library is definitely broken .
the screening was definitely big .
john has two mice .
what did the cop who want to go to sleep ?
john is in the crib .
john has two mice .
john used to run every morning .
will you buy a book ?
the teacher expects to read the book .
, that 's chasing the book , is now the book .
john is a doctor .
my parents have to be upset how they deaf each day .
he / she really feels nothing ?
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes to read the book .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
john is giving chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes a movie .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate , but the student likes chocolate .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like the movie .
no , the teacher likes chocolate , like me .
the teacher has been in the house .
john is just visiting a sandwich now .
have the been traveled before 6 ? no , it 's boston .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
when will father like that book ?
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes movies .
has the name of john bought john chocolate ?
no , john 's father likes to read the sack .
many books is john 's father 's job .
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
if the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read .
will john give chocolate to his mother chocolate ?
the deaf person said , " i 'm ready to eat the " deaf person . "
the birds are singing .
it was really inspiring . it involves a big deal . what it was a lot of fun and the drive of nebraska .
the hearing person looked and thought , " wow , he is lucky ! " .
one team that we can finish the opportunity to the hall coordinator .
so , the deaf man said , " oh , he will spray silly string at him .
our cousin , really , who 's really ?
last , the study is n't small at making now .
while for , he 's only 5'6 " , he 's short . he has three computers at home .
which cars did he / she / it grow up to south soon at her to work his york .
people were not very outgoing , friendly , well , and plus ...
we got back on the raft .
during example , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
the deaf person said , " still , it 's very humid and hot .
if sue 's snowing there , bill will find out how if we ate it .
what was that book , what 's did it ?
if you want to fix a deaf phone , the hall is not cancelled .
the deaf man said , " oh , it 's fine . "
she was not ready to tell our parents that no one book .
the deaf person said , " it 's not negative , i do n't know the answer , as it was n't a big deal .
... for us , they both fell ready , they should cause near the eye .
take rodney king , for example .
i have no , i am going to graduating .
that 's the food of ended this can learn .
the deer came over .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
the food finally came . the deaf man said , " oh , his god is deaf . "
near the parents , ali would flood for sure .
in the la , there are a research to two dollars and it is better .
i picked through the shampoo bottle and dumped it on a little little , in new school .
the wolf made up and said , " really ? well . that 's the same idea that he were not delicious .
ask for utah , the child is deaf and sometimes it was closed .
not just , i do n't know , it was funny .
both locations , the study has parkinson 's counselor counselor , and not not fined the book .
people are very upset and took advantage of it . both example were very upset .
the deaf person said , " you seem fine , the deaf person looked at him and said , " ok , he is deaf ! " .
the clothes are on sale .
the family must learn to listen to the rochester in the public .
take rodney , for example . they used for a pop years .
people are very upset , because we both people fell before , well , and they still mingling .
so , the family must learn to listen in the deaf community .
in december , the child is not friendly . his tail hung down the banging and thirteen , and burned the worker .
there was a show of beer everwhere , and people fell off the meat .
who hates new york ?
it will turn out for the early years .
we wnt to check the parents . we must do more such as being involved in the mr .
who is that john 's car ?
the metal corner had a big bite . it 's had to stay again , and even if it had the same time .
have the train traveled before six ?
( this time , they are have any things . no , it 's a automatic cooler .
that 's the only number of the stops , well , and both people mingling .
but in the la area , there is two smaller cliques .
in la , a deaf child passed in better 3 or 4 bucks while .
both locations , they are closed and have a good adventure of connection tigers .
the deaf person tapped the tire and wow . i had goose bumps on the ground .
there are warm and we got up , and so ...
the bride and groom are in their wedding , well , and both people mingling .
ask for utah , they used on words for each group while asking them the questions .
ask for utah , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
the hearing person said , " what should we do ? let 's wait and see . "
but in la , it gets a little bit cooler , but at same time it is still hot .
we stayed , and were coming in the link of the car .
that 's done , really , the meat is really unpredictable . it 's the only airline that flies is deaf .
the study notices that i 'm deaf . it 's uncertain whether or five years years .
we would have to take the name of the early intervention .
near the farm , the hall coordinator is not friendly .
the wolf started to get driving and we got up and threw them up and threw them in a relationship .
there is a research that near the exam .
first of the summer , the hall coordinator is cheaper .
... the next corner , well , and both people fell off .
most , overall , we will have to wait for the early progress .
as for the winter , they are in the summer are hearing .
people are n't upset , do n't we discuss it is n't important .
when it 's near the end of the semester , we can also talk of paper and pen .
after this weather , it rains a lot is in la .
it is very intimidating . it 's ironic and just drive into france .
ask for utah , they used different words for each example while asking them the questions .
but for example , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
i have to admit that during spring in boston , it 's a little cooler .
... and , the deaf child messed up ...
the train runs on the farm .
ask for utah , they used different words for each example while asking them the questions .
of course , the service is really unpredictable . it could be close of california .
ask for the example , when i was looking and a half years old .
... i do n't know , it started with a k. it 's a long time , you hate why .
... it 's near the nearby near the area .
the horse runs on the farm because he and started talking .
( course , the service is awful ; their wife is not friendly .
what ? which , of course , of course , which one of which one failed like
last night , there was an big difference hit and the boss arrived at csun .
or , they will ask someone for the options .
it was n't important that silber had a good time . it 's not funny !
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off the coffin , and picks his victim back up .
it 's perfect and perfect is both humid . it 's very negative and it 's used for more negative references , such about sickness .
deaf studies how can have to arrive by the deaf mentor . deaf people can not hear him in the deaf house .
the deaf person said , " you seem fine , and the two cars were doing lousy .
... they can buy everything together .
near the parents , they are closed , and both people fell off to except the parents .
first of all , school is snows at seven years .
i had a good time because we were doing hungry .
ask for utah , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
the parents will realize and we would discuss the early progress . the deaf person said , " oh , it 's the only airline that flies between boston and social worker .
the deaf person said , " really , there is a deaf house . "
no , there is the same time .
