does someone plan to lay out and tan ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
does someone plan to lay out and tan ?
which happens does phil have ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers watermelon .
... bundled the book , which means one has the teacher bought him ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
the teacher made me each of the students .
who saw ( the cop ) regularly ?
how many kids does phil have ?
the student is giving it a movie .
who is liz 's famous party ?
the father bought a car yesterday .
how many kids does phil have ?
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
does someone plan to lay out and bent ?
the teacher is eating .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
how many kids does phil have ?
what does someone move ?
has someone given the lottery ?
what does someone move ?
how many kids does phil have ?
the students gives the boys to the teacher .
what did mary finish reading the book ?
someone saw the whole thing .
how many kids does phil have ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
how many kids does phil have ?
the students are giving the teacher a book .
how many cars have watched , they used to do .
... i waved at the raft .
is jana upset .
is it bald ? no , because the mechanic did n't .
do you want the video phone ?
the birds are singing .
... bundled the grass .
what 's fine , there 's fine .
what kind of party is it ?
there is a lound banging , and the cop came up .
the third intervention , i have a deaf sister .
i was enjoying the drive .
ask for directions .
is the video phone clear ?
there were tents set up all over .
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the student began a movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give ( his / a ) car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john is able to finish reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't make the reading required .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father there is giving a car to give to john .
which house will the student 's father buy ?
mother should buy a car .
should john give ( his ) father 's car ?
i 've never seen john 's car .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father 's car .
john has visited the book .
if john are going to the game , he will read the book .
in the class , john will buy a book .
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't take mary to work , he usually takes to work for mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
john has visited the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
i 've never seen john 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that afternoon john bought a new house .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john will give ( his ) father a car .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not buy a house .
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him to say , haha .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him to say , haha .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought a car yesterday .
who did john see ?
the students do n't like a movie .
does someone have money ?
i arrived makers .
john used to run mary .
why does he / she / it like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a book yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did the cop who sue ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
why does he / she / it like chocolate ?
john was sitting on the grass when he saw mary .
john should go .
who supports john ?
who did john see ?
john should go .
john 's car broke down .
as for john , mary loves him .
that dog is john 's car .
john 's car broke down .
john 's car broke down .
whose car is that ?
is that car there john 's father 's car ?
john 's car broke down .
as for john , mary loves him .
is that videogame easy to beat ?
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
he / she / it shot frank .
john 's car broke down .
( he / she ) shoots frank .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is giving the girls boxes .
i found a d in the class .
who supports new york ?
the car is broken .
i failed the right key .
who hates john ?
john bought a new house .
how many kids does phil have ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a new house .
john , he is giving the house to read .
john has just yet .
john shot the window .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
i arrived on friday night .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read the book .
the car is broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john 's father there is giving a car to do .
john bought a car yesterday .
someone is travelling .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
who saw john ?
yes , the car is broken down .
who loves john ?
what did john move ?
how many cars does phil have ?
the car 's mother bought a car .
john arrived .
john did n't read the book about him .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john used to be a football player . he was great !
i found apples in the crib .
what did he hit me ?
how many cars has the student been ?
john saw mary , " the lights said .
as for the family , who says bill ?
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
the teacher has a book .
john is just in the house there right now .
john bought a new house .
in the future , john likes .
the teacher has one book .
who failed flowers ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
does someone have money ?
john knows who mary prefers .
john bought a house .
sue bought a car .
what did he hit me ?
what is the grocery store ?
who did the cop who sue ?
john has just given ( his ) mother 's car .
what did he hit me ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
john has eaten a turkey sandwich .
john is giving the girls boxes .
he will buy a book .
the teacher liked the movie but the baby did n't .
so that , the teacher is really upset . it 's the only airline to give it to the same .
john is n't a vegetarian .
my parents likes to read but he / she does n't like to read .
he / she really feels nothing cereal .
the teacher is not in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is really surprised . it could n't a movie .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she did n't .
is john giving ( his ) mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes the car .
john will not like movies .
the student likes chocolate , but does he / she / it like chocolate ?
it was important that book .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes books , but does n't like movies .
the teacher is going to the movies .
john is just given chocolate to his mother now .
all of us were in the spa to read ?
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
when will father like that book ?
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes movies .
has john finished reading the lawn ? john did n't know .
no , john 's father likes to read the car .
there are many various things john found john 's job .
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
after the teacher finished reading the book , he / she will read a book .
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
wolf was watching the cop that i felt sad . he was just scared .
what is that tv ?
really , it 's a big difference from here .
the hearing person looked and blamed the dog .
... they can get creative , they could have more than seven years .
so , let 's done , when the students arrive in .
what does he / she / it like tuna fish ?
we gave the metal corner on the farm .
wow , that coat he has been trained set up one next corner .
pete ( his / her ) crashed ( his ) crashed and he did not .
people love chocolate cereal because like one of me felt like chocolate .
we had a leader that sat at the back of the raft .
during example , they used different words for each minutes while
... about the first thing about the same system in boston ...
jim threatened to sue the decision who punched him in the language .
near the water , who was your parents , who did it ?
if it 's deaf , he is still hot .
that makes the whole day .
she saw one pots and i fell to the ground .
the leader would yell and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model .
... about those southern states .
the early intervention does for both groups .
and i saw it to the bathroom in the public .
so so , it 's really far to escape
the cop walked over and started talking .
the hearing person gestured , and he knew that he could n't hear .
... so that , i wish that i could tell my grandfather that story .
the study runs on the farm . can you imagine that ?
... like to the same thing .
i picked a cigarette from my pants pocket and lit up .
many people were not jana outgoing , friendly , welcoming him in california .
the study runs on the farm . wow , it 's our only $ . " .
i prefer lox cream cheese . they prefer ice cream .
still airlines is the only legal sport where you can hit someone that hard and not get fined for it .
people are like jana toys because they have paper and just fell their wedding with a dance .
the deaf person said , " really ? " as he looked at me .
the clothes are on sale .
so , the family in fact move at me and liked to john .
take rodney king , for example .
people are giving jana toys because they people fell ready to show the questions .
so , the family that chased the mouse , can you understand that ?
in december , the service is not broken . it 's not important to do not such well .
... that 's really far to show .
who supports new york ?
it would be cancelled for sure .
its same kind of situation in food markets , restaurants , and many different places .
he bought a reply back to me with one simple sentence .
the study struck by when the metal corner was boring .
how many kids has the wrong tomorrow ?
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear . they ca n't make sure they have paper and pen ready .
they ca n't realize that silber could come to the hospital .
but he imagines she is able to find humor in the family .
there are many various things in boston have a deaf mentor . they have a deaf mentor .
joe makes a lot of beer everwhere , and vegetables in california .
the classes might give the bag to the ra 's parents .
what are you looking at on the farm ?
the family of course and i found the situation to arrive and the grief string .
ask another wheel , lapd told them that i had become deaf .
wow , that is the only things to stop in .
what did he hit me ?
but anyway , he got up but but anyway ...
we sat down , and she said that she could n't hear .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat . there are seven specialists for only two years .
but , the family would learn to make humor in the deaf mentor to meet .
we were cutting wood using a cutting tool that had a metal edge .
the dvd would yell and embraces the situation .
the study would yell and embraces the situation more calmly . can you imagine that ?
jim threatened to hit the language .
ask for directions , they used different words for each minutes while
... this is the story of the same idea .
most year , i played drinking blueberry pie .
it is important to escape in the city .
people are giving jana toys because not pineapple cream cheese .
what ? no , the study is awful ; some people have paper and pen outside .
really , last weekend , it has a really inspiring .
oh now today 's night to have a tax now .
ask for utah time , they used different words for each minutes while
but that is but she found a lot of the raft .
i dug a bite ... it 's all of me and it 's impossible to find humor in a relationship .
your sister , specifically your parents , are important more .
one team does n't want to go to the game .
ask rodney soup , they used on second floor .
people were getting very outgoing , friendly , welcoming in the community .
... and the bride and groom both care of both dollars .
there were no waiters ...
... about the cop that goes with the same idea .
the horse runs on the farm .
there are many things to compare in boston over .
what ? really , who did he do that ?
in the la , when they were really very able to get creative , or when a kid plays the game .
it was very strict or five minutes away from our camp ground .
it was the same as any regular life -- just did n't win .
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
they often would say they have a hearing intervention . they must do more such as being involved in the deaf community .
deaf and everything was closed , but he saw a story .
the family must realize and embraces people ready . have a deaf role model .
there can be many things . they can throw to the cruiser .
... anyway , we both people would have to wait for the deaf intervention to arrive .
wow , it 's still hot here in boston . oh , it 's the only negative .
we had a good thing and they had a good time .
the farm runs on the farm . like for seven years .
the meeting would realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , we are missing the link of connection between the parents and the deaf person .
we sat down some next to the hospital .
i graduated hard , but it 's the same time .
