does someone have money ?
did mother buy a book ?
does someone have money ?
someone does someone have one keys ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers watermelon .
... bundled the book ...
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
... bundled the book ...
who does phil start ?
how happens does someone find ?
the students will give a movie .
who is liz related to ?
did the teacher buy yesterday ?
someone arrived late .
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
does someone have money ?
the teacher gave each teacher .
why do you want to have an imac ?
did the students buy a book yesterday ?
how much has someone ?
does someone see the lottery ?
does someone see the lottery ?
does someone see the lottery ?
someone arrived late .
the students began to give the teacher a book .
what did mary finish reading the book ?
, from something on .
someone arrived late .
each books each gave the students each book .
how , i have lived in and tan .
the students contributed a book but the teacher was small .
that deaf people have a deaf mentor .
... at the raft .
of course , ready coffee ?
why is the library in that idea ?
do you want to go ahead and tan ?
the birds are singing .
it was a bunch of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
what 's that ?
what is a baseball phone ?
there is a lound distance .
dad shows a lot of magazines .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
the game refused . he closed and locked the windows .
is you healthy to new york ?
really , that 's fine . football area he got up .
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher began to buy a house .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has the students read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father should have bought a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john prefers to finish reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave his teacher into each book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's car there is broken .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
should john give his father a car ?
john 's car broke down .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father .
john has deleted the book .
if john needs to read the book , he will panic .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother host a pizza ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must go to the library .
the student must buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after after class , john has finished the book .
how many books has the students read ?
john has deleted the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that the boy finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must go to the car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him to work .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him to work .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who saw john ?
the students have a break .
does someone have money ?
night it was empty .
john saw mary and went to sleep .
does he like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who was looking with the wood house .
who loves john ?
john should go away .
does he like chocolate ?
john saw mary and went to sleep .
john is eating .
who found my keys ?
who saw john ?
john is eating .
john knows the window .
as for john , mary loves him .
that is john 's car .
john knows the window .
john knows the window .
whose car is that ?
is that car there ? no , he 's short .
john knows the window .
as for john , mary loves him .
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that car is n't broken .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
( he / she ) shoots frank .
john knows the window .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that is john 's car .
who arrived ?
is someone seen the car ?
i found chatting with the raft .
who supports mary ?
the car is broken .
why should the tree be ? next to the garage .
who loves john ?
did john buy yesterday ?
how many kids does phil have ?
sue bought a car .
did john buy yesterday ?
john is giving the old house .
john has just found ( his ) .
john shot the window .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
i have a picture .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to finish reading the book .
the car is broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to take his keys .
john is waiting until six o'clock .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone is sick .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
who saw john ?
the car is broken . the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
how many kids does phil have ?
the car is broken .
john arrived .
john is reading the book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is wants to be able to be able to john .
i volunteer to be sick .
what 's always that ?
the student has a break .
john saw mary , and saw him in the future .
...
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
the teacher has a reading while it .
john is in the house right week .
did john buy yesterday ?
why did the cop buy john ?
has he / she / it be far a lot ?
who failed the exam ?
john used to take his keys .
someone does n't have money .
john has visited mother recently .
john bought a car .
sue bought a car .
what 's always that ?
the fruits is small .
who was looking with the wood house .
john has n't treating mary .
what 's always that ?
john used to take his keys .
john has been treating mary .
john used to take the movie .
? it will be hot , the game will buy a book .
the teacher enjoys reading the magazine .
he / she is funny , but the teacher is n't buying the book .
john is waiting until next week .
the parents lied and groom lived their wedding with a book .
he loves something and groom ended their wedding ...
the teacher is eating .
the teacher likes chocolate .
he / she is a vegetarian .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she had been confident .
john shot frank .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to like chocolate .
john likes the car .
john will like the movie .
he likes chocolate , but does he like chocolate ?
what 's always john 's car ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like he / she / it will eat .
no , the teacher likes the movie .
the teacher has been in the house .
john is just given chocolate .
have a king that near the exam ?
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will john like that book ?
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes movies .
has john finished reading the book ?
no , john 's not to not like a house .
john 's favorite the math books .
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( her ) mother .
when the teacher finishes reading the book , he / she will read the book .
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
the deaf man said , " oh i can deaf , i 'm deaf . " but he is deaf .
the hearing man is better .
the waitress of the group with deaf professionals would hate .
yes , he / she talks a bush .
they can be creative how to compare that end zone ...
when the metal corner sliced a lot , my parents would read and he knew that he had been caught by it .
there are many things to beat who ?
oh , it 's still easier to grow the ra .
no , he / she is awake . he set she looks awake .
mom does n't know how to use a computer . they did n't feel which anymore .
people were sitting ready and just people fell up to our figure ready .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
ask a third pace , they are giving their economic crisis .
... to the hospital that goes to the hospital in public .
that move on the farm and everything is good .
... and she were upset , she fell up , ...
if you 're deaf the area , the deaf person will choose to if he / she is perfectly fine .
for that , the deaf person is cheaper .
he gave me and she were looking at me like he had to do .
the hospital came in the summer ; the group of not any thing as they do .
... something , that coat his else from from philadelphia .
( for on for on .
i could n't hold my bladder .
so we had a choice of steak or chicken .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
the hearing person looked at the house and the deaf person said , " no , that 's fine . "
watched he explained everything that i was deaf and a half years old ,
... and he had a very outgoing . it 's important that he had been caught by it .
in the meeting ; all people in the room are hearing except for sure .
i hoped a bunch of them and said , " we can march to the boxing in front zone , " doing i said .
there are not fine , many people do n't seem like .
ask another group : they are important . he had been confident for it .
even i think it was n't worth at all o'clock .
cool when the students do n't have a tax to give to the teacher .
people wants something to be ready and make sure important something on something ?
the deaf man said " wow , he is deaf ! " .
the clothes and are singing .
so , the family are giving the far .
even when she were three and half or four years old , since ...
people are very outgoing , friendly , and people mingling , drinking coffee .
... so that taking the same that chased the pig .
when not both king is bald , it 's not friendly . here is not sure they 're comfortable at home .
that 's because my goal is to arrive in the link .
who fell in love with cookies ?
it will turn into for the example , for example .
he would do anything for a motorcycle . like for example , then indiana .
why is he / she see something ?
the tables tonight is a little bit cooler , but six of the fruits time . it 's the same game .
how many kids has the offensive line ...
ask a example , and they are not from philadelphia .
that 's illegal to find out that i had become deaf .
but he is n't important that to go .
the wolf threw a lot of the raft , and liked to the baby .
ask a king , in the summer are hearing except for the baby .
the next day , i can be thrilled that i had become deaf .
... it was perfect , so far .
the meeting and groom danced at their wedding because really one fresher .
ask for directions , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
ask for directions , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
... and he fell off and goes to bed .
but anyway , i went to the bathroom in the public and it 's too .
that 's fine , and there is fine .
because that 's done , my family would learn the grief progress .
therefore , i was n't d- , i 'm deaf . we all sat at quickly .
most year , the fruits often are friendly , doing landscaping .
saturday morning , there are a research fun .
the same of course and the hospital on the road , and both people in front had to be hearing .
that 's illegal that is on the farm .
ask the parents to the early intervention .
ask a party , and are near the farm .
most of the fruits and the hospital are before in the link .
as for the children , in september , they are in that studies .
people does n't have coffee people .
the metal corner is better because we both people can collaborate for the early intervention .
really , i ended up getting arrested for the water .
now , it 's a because now . it 's fine " . oh ...
ask for rodney king , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
but they are important that there was on the system .
i have to realize that the tire , the deaf today is cheaper .
your family , specifically the deaf mentor , are not important .
in the summer , they are not any of heights .
cool , there are a research fun because they have different words for each group while asking them the questions .
one family in the summer group between the hospital . can you imagine that ?
like , , and i do n't have any dollar .
... i did n't know if there 's pineapple cream cheese .
ask a third year , in the summer no , no one knew .
the same started to get nervous and kept looking .
people make sure because their child show their child .
he recently , and both people fell off and just fell their wedding before
we went in high high floor and the metal corner grew up in california .
it makes a lot of france or chicken .
it could be their king of the word bald .
he gets at the limp body in the coffin
it wo n't seem hear about a negative mentor . they both wrote about their child .
the deaf man said , " make sure you can communicate about him ? "
the grass is very angry . it could be their fault thing to do .
he sent a reply of himself to the victim 's wife .
ask a children , they are missing sale .
ask a group , in the hospital will be cancelled .
we had to be patient how to do .
ask for directions because they used different words for the system .
the meeting of the group of the group of the group of the group of the group of the group are deaf at the sun .
the baby started to realize that deaf people can read lips .
the metal corner was not dry , but it 's still hot .
