does someone have money ?
did mother buy a book ?
does someone have money ?
what happens does the surprise man start ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
who prefers the movie ?
... bundled the book a book , but the students do n't .
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
the teacher walked over to the teacher and started talking .
who is looking to see ?
how many kids does phil have ?
the students will learn to give him a ticket .
who is it to see someone ?
the teacher bought a book yesterday .
how much does someone have ?
how many books has the teacher finished reading so far ?
which kids does the want start ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
how much does someone have ?
which famous states does phil have money ?
has someone seen joan ? no , that 's it ?
which famous states does phil have money ?
how much does someone have ?
the students are in the house there right now .
what did the tree finish down ?
which famous actor does the want who see ?
how much does someone have ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
how does someone have money ?
the students contributed money to give to the teacher .
how many children does phil have ?
...
people are giving jana toys .
now , his name has parkinson 's disease .
why did you go ?
the birds are singing .
he takes off the lid ...
... that 's kind of how the stitching had the baby will be .
what 's does that ?
there was many groups that goes downstairs .
the classes are on sale .
... there was a deer banging at me .
the classes got in my major , is looking at home .
wow , it 's the only thing .
there were tents set up all over .
the book will give each a book .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher , and i buy a book .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give it to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has told the three book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't make the reading required .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father there will give a car to john .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
should john give his father that car ?
as for john 's car , i 've buying a car .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
in the class , john will buy a book .
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there is giving a car to mary .
the student 's father must buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
john has deleted the book .
as for john 's car , i 've buying a car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
as for john 's car , i 've buying a car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that boy john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john must give ( his ) father a car .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought the car .
mother does not buy a house .
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him to say " hello " .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him to say " hello " .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
which college did john see yesterday ?
the students do n't like the movie .
does bob have money ?
drinking it arrived .
john used to run his keys .
who does n't like chocolate ?
sue is n't buying a car .
how many cars did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
wow , that coat mary .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does n't like chocolate ?
john was sitting on the grass when he saw mary .
john should go .
who supports new york ?
which college did john see yesterday ?
john should go .
john has been a turkey sandwich .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john has been a turkey sandwich .
john has been a turkey sandwich .
whose car is that ?
is that car ?
john has been a turkey sandwich .
as for john , mary loves him .
how many kids does phil have ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him to work .
where did he / she / it leave for california ?
john has been a turkey sandwich .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
is someone using the car ?
i decided to exercise after class .
who supports new york ?
the car 's full .
why should the tree be ? next to the garage .
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
how many kids does phil have ?
sue is going to buy a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
john gave his father into a house .
john has wants to sell his / her ) .
john is a doctor .
who is n't john ?
who arrived late ?
i have a picture , it was cute .
who arrived late ?
sue is n't buying a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the car 's cousin broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is in the football .
john 's father there is giving a house .
what did john buy yesterday ?
is someone raining ?
john used to be a football player . he was great !
who did john see ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
how many cars does phil have ?
the car 's mother 's car .
john arrived .
john over there is a good book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john used to be a football player . he was great !
i decided to see the book .
he pulls off the lid ...
how many cars did the student read ?
john saw the deer .
as for my family , bill give it to sue .
sue is n't buying a car .
the car 's full .
the teacher has a book .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
john did n't buy the turkey .
in the future , john likes chocolate .
the teacher has one book .
who failed the exam ?
john is in the football .
does someone have money ?
john has been treating mother awfully and her her her her .
john just bought a new house .
sue is n't buying a car .
he pulls off the lid ...
what 's the store ?
wow , that coat mary .
john has eaten a turkey sandwich .
he pulls off the lid ...
john is in the football .
john has eaten a turkey sandwich .
john is giving the girl a solution .
then he will buy flowers .
the teacher , i can listen to the movies .
i wish he / she will read the book .
john is n't a vegetarian .
my parents gave the teacher one book .
what he / she does n't like tuna cereal .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes to read that book .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a magazine .
john used to like chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother used to give chocolate to john .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like reading .
it was n't john 's father 's car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like movies .
the teacher likes to read but not movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john is just reading a house .
then , the teacher finishes reading the magazine .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
when will father like that book ?
the teacher is in the house .
mom likes movies .
has john finished reading the book ?
no , john 's father does n't like the turkey .
how many books did the teacher give john ?
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read the book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person was excited . he could n't find some humor in the future .
how much does that tv ?
... really , it 's a big difference from in boston .
the hearing person looked and thought , " wow , he is lucky ! " .
... they can know how to approach that kind of situation .
so when the study will come to the rain job , nurse , doctor , counselor , and social worker . she ca n't be good .
what ? that he do n't know , that loves chocolate .
the tables and chairs were all wood . it 's the only airline that flies between the road .
the metal thing that he had been living that he / she was perfectly fine .
he asked to himself " why do n't you have ? " i am sorry that your child is deaf " .
people decided to love their pots and pans , but the pigs did n't care and just like it .
we had a leader that sat at the back of the raft .
since the first thing , they can pass to the teacher ,
... still , sometimes they have a better thing it still in la ...
jim threatened to sue the man who punched him frequently .
your sister , who does n't know how to approach that kind of situation .
if you want a deaf time , he will continue the grief progress .
that deaf , that the deaf man did n't .
she was hearing , and it was ready for fine .
it 's important that the child with a deaf mentor often perform better the parents .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
the early intervention for both groups .
i have to admit that it was my first time .
so , it 's illegal to escape the decision .
the hearing person decided to walk in persuit .
the hearing person thought , " no , it 's not negative , and not intervening about it .
... and realized that muhammad ali was story ... he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation .
near the group , they 're in class , do you want anything ?
... and another guy , which we ca n't speak english .
i picked up and slammed on the age of six and a half and thirteen .
people in the la ; all people in the room are not any friendly .
ask them , they used to use deaf professionals ! " they ca n't pick and pen , haha .
not just in the hospitals , but the hall coordinator is n't .
thirdly when the study has worth the parents , which when the do it has a book , we will switch at the teacher .
people wants to make sure they have paper and stay ready in many room .
the deaf person said , " you seem fine ? " i said , " i am just deaf , do n't worry ! "
the clothes are on sale .
so , the family began learn to move to the rochester tonight .
... for two years , when they were really going to a video phone .
people , make sure they used to keep people , they have paper and a bad child .
so , the study hit down , that kind of ...
in december , the child is not broken . it 's not their fault , they have different video things . it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's not thinking .
... that 's kind of how the stitching found .
who supports new york ? ?
it will turn into a positive thing for the baby .
it 's important that the child with a deaf mentor to meet the parents .
he wants to put up because i was growing up .
the metal corner was really sharp . it 's had to be connected by they had to stay at a job . we gambled all night and it did n't work at all .
how many kids has the wrong tomorrow ?
near the meeting , it 's important to have diversity in the deaf mentor .
hearing person could yell and embraces the situation more calmly .
but in the la area , they 're really any to do .
in la , the weather tends to be " flat"--75 or by degrees , sunny and dry , every day .
... and called that the child had a deaf mentor , while the group were tennessee did not .
the only thing for both groups , we were missing the opportunity to arrive at mcdonalds .
the hearing person grew and thought , " wow ! " .
people are watching the mexican phone and tony was closed . it 's important to be connected and i 'm sorry by it .
ask another king , they used different words for each group .
the article would yell but we deaf people can not hear him in the back .
... and he nails the lid back on .
but in la , would they do that ? no -- they do n't care and just drive right through .
that 's two groups that we were safe , looking down , and saw the wolf !
that 's on typical of wymoning . we were missing the link of connection missing the door .
but , there 's a missing link , you have to better that kind of situation .
first of us , the service shows that the choices were churning .
the leader would yell and embraces the situation more calmly .
first of us , i do n't know , really many things . it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's a thinking .
that 's something that i was watching the link of connection .
third , the fruits and vegetables in california taste fresher .
... near the oakland was really slow . it 's ironic that us only two trouble .
most year , we used to be expensive and a half today .
as for the winter , they used to be expensive professionals .
people are giving jana toys because they both comfortable .
both locations had the only number of meetings , nurse , nurse , nurse , counselor , and social .
... really , it will be really inspiring . it involves a lot of fun and the game was just lucky .
oh , it 's still hot here in boston .
ask the next year , they both are missing the link of connection care of nevada .
that makes we all over the but and the hall coordinator was stolen .
" i have a deaf mentor to john , " the man said , " you seem normal to class , " she said .
your sister , specifically your parents , are important to be hearing professionals .
it 's illegal to not have a tax .
ask rodney , they used different words for dinner . they had a good thing for the baby .
people are on the fast of all people / their group are very behaving .
... and wait until it 's your turn to me , " she said .
... i do n't know , really many other things . it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's a thinking .
... near the boat , and both people in the eye . the hearing person looked and thought " wow ! "
the dvd would yell and embraces the situation more calmly .
in december in boston , of course it snows , gets colder and the library did n't .
what ? how many kids does phil have to love the video love ?
when it happens to rain , of course it snows , gets colder and the leaves fall off the raft .
" ... on which area each would have and hit his men .
it 's not to show someone very in the distance of the road .
the tapper thrusts his hand into his victim 's body and pulls out the heart . he picks up the body and slings it onto his shoulder .
it 's important that the child with a deaf mentor often perform better and pen .
deaf people said , " really ? " well , that 's not deaf " .
deaf , the deaf person said , " you seem fine , " he said . "
one thing who was riding with us ...
... anyway , we will have to wait for the cop to arrive and have the right key .
it 's eleven on eleven ; players on the two teams match in the ring .
most of us , us have lived in a dorm room .
ask the farm , which means i`ll be looking for a job .
most thing in la , its better and perfect because of no rain .
a deaf role model wow at him .
in la , the weather was not cancelled . it 's not bad , too .
