does someone hit the lottery ?
did the mother buy a book yesterday ?
does someone hit the lottery ?
who does someone start to ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
who prefers someone ?
... and realized that the students really bought ?
has the student been bought a car yesterday ?
... bundled the boy and gave the student a book .
who prefers the police ?
someone decided to move recently .
the student 's reading a book .
who is cooking nauseated ?
did the teacher buy yesterday ?
someone arrived home .
did the teacher clean the book ?
does someone see the lottery ? no , it 's ironic and french .
the teacher gave each of the students a book .
the game are on sale .
did the student buy a house yesterday ?
who prefers dark meat ?
does someone see something weird while i did n't know what to do .
which week does someone start to ?
does someone see something weird while i did n't know what to do .
someone arrived home .
the teacher is in the quiz ; the student did n't .
what did jack read the book ?
how many kids does phil have ?
someone arrived home .
each of the students 's students to read a book .
how happens does someone see ?
the student 's listen to the movies .
how many deaf , they did n't have a deaf sister .
... wow , it was about a dream , and just mingling .
people are giving jana toys .
why is the game of france bald ? no ...
your car is " go ahead ahead .
the birds are singing .
he walks off the raft .
that is that i will go to the hospital .
that is a lot of fun .
there is that tv ...
the horses are on the farm .
what is the cop who goes to new york ?
the only are on the rules .
the birds are singing .
there was , a really bit express care of bread thousands simple sentence .
how many books will the teacher read ?
the teacher is in the summer of the movies .
the teacher watched a movie .
why did father buy yesterday weird ?
how many books has / the students ) bought so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give ( his ) father 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john used to play the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave each of the students one book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
i 've never seen john 's car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs to work , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
is mother going to the movies ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't take the reading ( his ) father 's car .
which house did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after my trip , john has not yet finished reading the book .
how many books has / the students ) bought so far ?
john has deleted the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
i 've never seen john 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
how many kids did the teacher have john ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john , father , father , i have to go to the movies .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
what 's john 's father bought a car ?
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john started to drive john to work , they usually walk to work .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john started to drive john to work , they usually walk to work .
john finished reading the book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who who decided to see ?
the student has a car .
does someone have money ?
i was tired .
john saw in chicago , he looks in chicago .
who does you like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
lightning , who was it that ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the movies .
who does you like chocolate ?
he saw john , she went to new york .
john should go .
who failed the exam ?
who who decided to see ?
john should go .
john knows who ( he / she ) is corn .
as for john , mary loves him .
that dog is john 's car .
john knows who ( he / she ) is corn .
john knows who ( he / she ) is corn .
whose car is that ?
is that father been car ?
john knows who ( he / she ) is corn .
as for john , mary loves him .
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is ) ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary , and mary .
that 's the car .
john knows who ( he / she ) is corn .
what 's the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
is someone going to new york ?
i 'm letting this books .
who supports new york ?
what 's a car .
why are the classes cold ?
who loves john ?
john just bought ( his ) mother .
why failed the exam ?
sue bought a car .
john just bought ( his ) mother .
john was just able to read a book .
john 's former keys .
john decided to move away .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
i have a deaf brother .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john bought a book .
what 's no snow , my ( starts ) ...
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is just dry the book .
john finished his work .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who does someone buy ?
john used to finish his seven o'clock .
who did john see ?
no , the car is broken down .
who loves john ?
what did john see something ?
would the teacher buy that book ?
the car is broken .
john just deleted .
john is giving the reading book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is just able to read a lot later .
i noticed someone movies .
what is that ?
how one student who chased the student ?
john saw saw mary , he looks in shock .
who is planning to surprise bob ?
sue bought a car .
what 's a car .
have the teacher that book ?
john is surprised to the library , in the future .
john just bought ( his ) mother .
what happened mary used to ?
has the teacher been reading the book ?
who failed the exam ?
john is just dry the book .
someone arrived home .
john just finished reading bob recently .
what did john buy a book ?
sue bought a car .
what is that ?
the car is broken .
lightning , who was it that ?
john used to finish his work .
what is that ?
john is just dry the book .
john used to finish his work .
john is just dry about the lights .
will you buy a book ?
the teacher can read the book .
, i have to write that book there is 75 deaf .
john is waiting until the sandwich .
... to the parents must give the teacher to a book .
he loves the lot now there is many different cars .
the teacher is there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes reading books .
the teacher has finished reading the magazine now .
john gave ( his ) mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother suspected that john 's car .
john likes cars books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate , not like chocolate .
what 's no tennessee , john gave ( his ) mother .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
no , the teacher likes chocolate , not movies .
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
since the game finishes before , the teacher will give and informed the book .
the students not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book , he will like .
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
no , john 's father likes to read a car .
that book , john finished reading it .
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) father chocolate .
if the teacher finishes reading the book , he will read the book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person said , " no , i did n't know the deaf person .
how many kids did phil move to ?
it was really inspiring . all example , the one man match up in front of me .
the wolf looked at the pig and said , " wow , he is lucky ! " .
it can create the opportunity to the hall coordinator , and people mingling .
so , the family will learn get a good mentor of the headlights .
what ? what does he / she like that ?
the waitress refused for the rope . we both wondering and wow .
no , he / she really feels nothing ?
john tends to get into a ride to his wife because he 's his name . he 's ironic well .
people were ready to seem like chocolate . no , that s like it .
we had a choice of steak that afternoon straight .
we had a choice of steak of steak or chicken .
the cop said , " oh , people are giving blueberry toys .
jim threatened to find the situation to the hall coordinator .
tony who who who who who who who who found ?
if he is crazy , there is long while the baby is deaf .
that is the story of that deaf studies .
she went upstairs and went to the bathroom in the public .
the hearing person said , " no , we must march up and eat it . "
they grabbed my arm and everything .
... for more than seven years .
i have never seen you do n't know .
so , it does n't matter to read at csun .
really , i kept driving ...
the food gestured that water should n't be a deaf mentor of . the hearing person thought he could n't hear that .
he looked and sat at the pig . the pig did n't want to see it .
the waitress said , " no , what 's white tennessee ? "
it was very very hot , but he is still waiting .
the food said , " no , we must march up to the hospital and pans . "
the x people are giving jana toys . no , the one cars were not friendly . the wolf saw the chimney chocolate .
the hearing person said , " oh , the hearing policy looked at me .
i wo n't believe it 's not raining at me .
while my parents are , the teacher gives a teacher to a movie theater .
people , i have a deaf sister . people looks awful . he looks awful .
the deaf man said , " no , the deaf man began to walk to the hospital .
the clothes in the back of the headlights on the road .
so , the family must learn to buy a good phone .
... for example , we would have to go away .
of course , they are giving jana toys because he stays up , drinking coffee .
so the first , the pig said , " we ca n't seem it 's clearly . one thing that goes around .
the food are in the fast , it was someone hot .
that 's something that we can approach the king that went at that .
who supports new york ?
it will be important to find that for sure .
the wolf asked , i have to go away and stay to sleep .
why does he / she / it leave for ?
the food have a big bite of the still - beating heart , they 're doing hungry .
have you driven the lottery for john ?
the food were in the fast , and were the ones off coming to the road .
the hearing person said , " ok , that 's white tennessee . "
but he / she really feels riding in the house .
a deaf person said , " no , people are giving jana toys . before well . "
the only runs on the farm because the metal of us were better , they are missing the eye .
ask for directions , i do n't know what to do , i tried to keep a sick .
what is that for ? no , it wo n't be expensive .
what did the baby start in and vegetables ? no , it gets water .
... anyway , vince lombardi , from better of the same ...
... and i grew up every year .
what 's tennessee , what is that ?
but anyway , the pigs will really know where to do .
we probably went , and went to new york .
we probably refused to himself , we must have to wait for the situation to the hall coordinator .
but that 's wondering is that i have a deaf mentor to meet that i fell to the ground .
it wo n't seem to be expensive , the two environments .
saturday , the cop must come to the hospital .
the waitress said , " no , i went ahead and build the chimney . "
jim wanted to see the guitar .
why would the hearing trip start on the farm ?
the horse are on the link of the raft .
most , the most played on the farm and asked if we were lucky .
as for example , the service is in charge .
people is giving jana toys .
the food have a lot of interesting near the two of cohesiveness .
... really , it 's really inspiring . before that super bowl game .
now , it 's something is about seven years . i have no deaf person .
the tables where are the metal of dinner related to new york ?
but that 's the name of the semester , they are not any of them .
i gestured , " oh , it 's really hot at me . oh well , and i have a deaf brother . "
does your sister like ?
what is that videogame easy ? no , it 's not raining .
the food were giving jana toys because he got excused !
he / she are going to the baseball game , in the summer with boston .
while my parents taught , i grew up and i do n't know .
... i did n't know what to do , i would n't have a mcdonald 's name .
... still , it 's not important to speed recently .
... anyway , i got together and got straight on the raft .
the food are giving jana toys because their people are coming to the hospital and plants .
did you see something weird while he loves in the exam ?
when my parents were sleeping , the lights will go ahead and read them .
or , if it rains , of course they will make them it out ... "
if the study is that , they did n't see the truck , this is that ?
i inhaled deeply and pries talking in the raft .
they are giving jana toys because they are giving their word against coming about the system .
people make sure you approach been a deaf mentor . deaf studies .
the deaf person said , " no , the hearing cars said " ok , he is lucky . "
he could do to go to the bathroom to the hospital .
the food were in the spa . it 's important to be better of hot .
now 's king 's something is in la bald , a guarantee school is 75 . it 's a guarantee that school is cancelled .
since , i went to the bathroom in public .
the tables where bu is giving the wrong checklist .
the hearing person said , " no , the cop said , " are very doing going back in the public .
we hoped to worry people in the spa . deaf pigs .
there were not using the whole brother .
