someone found the hit of the area .
did dad buy a book yesterday ?
someone found the hit of the area .
who 's your keys ?
mother bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
who found someone ?
what did the teacher pass the book ?
did donna buy a car yesterday ?
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
who 's the emergency ?
someone has an older thing .
the students 's the students now .
who 's the emergency ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone arrived late .
did the teacher clean the book ?
someone was shocked to find out that the questions .
the teacher gave the test repeatedly .
the hearing person wanted to do cpr .
did dad buy a house yesterday ?
someone has an older thing .
someone knows what happened was someone .
someone found one keys .
someone knows what happened was someone .
someone arrived late .
the students listen to the movies .
what did jack finish reading the book ?
what was the opportunity to ?
someone arrived late .
each books each gave the teacher a book .
someone knows who arrived .
the students do n't like the movie .
that deaf of my language is deaf .
my parents threw birth a bag on the hall .
the birds are singing .
he / she is a beautiful motorcycle .
are the you cold ?
the birds arrived home .
i was sitting in front with things .
the hearing man was surprised .
he / she / it is hungry .
he , ...
the black pig enjoyed the road .
the hearing person looked at him .
because the first babies would be scared .
the birds are singing .
in the area area , they really had lived in front of all the ground .
will the teacher give a mouse ?
the teacher is at movies .
the students buy a movie .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books has the students read ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
that the father , father wants a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has visited his job to read the book .
i never never seen john 's car .
the student gave each of the students one book .
why should father buy a book ?
john broke the book .
as for john , he will read a book , he will read the book .
if mary 's raining there is john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should have whose car .
john 's car where i do n't know .
john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will read the car .
john finished reading the book .
john will finish his reading the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there will be giving a car to work .
the student 's father 's name .
john broke the book .
after the first sandwich , john finished reading the book .
how many books has the students read ?
john has visited reading the book .
john 's car where i do n't know .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car where i do n't know .
why should mother buy a car ?
if it 's , john will clean the book .
that the book finished .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , john 's car .
john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
the car starts to be broken , but it 's john .
mother should n't have bought chocolate .
mother does n't buy a house .
when john finishes his work , the lights starts out and be compelled to the teacher .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finishes his work , the lights starts out and be compelled to the teacher .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought his mother yesterday .
who knows who john ?
the student has a student , the box has arrived .
someone has a tax .
i was tired .
john used to be giving mary .
who likes chocolate ?
sue was buying a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who was cooking to the store ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john shot many mice .
john refuses to go to the concert .
who failed the exam ?
who knows who john ?
john refuses to go to the concert .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that the car is broken .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
whose car is that ?
is that john 's car ? no , he 's short .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
is the story of australia ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that the car is broken .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that the car is john 's car .
as for john , mary can love him .
that the car is broken .
john knows the answer .
that the car is bald .
as for john , mary loves him .
that the car is broken .
who arrived ?
someone 's car . who 's it ?
i noticed the book .
who supports new york ?
that the car is broken .
why should the tree be ?
who loves john ?
john bought a car yesterday .
what 's something ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a car yesterday .
john used to a house .
john knows at seven o'clock .
john shot the file .
who is john 's keys ?
who arrived late ?
i have a picture .
who arrived late ?
sue was buying a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john finished reading the book .
the car is broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john was sitting in chicago .
john shot the window .
john bought his mother yesterday .
someone 's car .
john used to sell his morning .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
who did jack finish reading the book ?
the car 's not broken .
john arrived .
john is reading the book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john has eaten a turkey sandwich .
i was definitely sure .
what did john drive ?
the student has been giving the house .
john did n't see mary .
who was planning to new york ? "
sue was buying a car .
that the car is broken .
the teacher has been to read the book .
john works at seven o'clock .
john bought a car yesterday .
, as for john , he likes mary .
the book has been to read .
who failed the exam ?
john was sitting in chicago .
someone has a choice of who ?
john has visited mother 's mother arrived .
john bought a car .
sue was buying a car .
what did john drive ?
the box is broken .
who was cooking to the store ?
john has two mice .
what did john drive ?
john was sitting in chicago .
john has two mice .
john is giving the football thing .
if it will rain , he will buy a house .
the teacher enjoyed the magazine but the baby is lousy .
the teacher is funny , but the answers is broken .
john is a doctor .
the student was giving that book , deaf books .
he is crazy in the library .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in a house .
how many cars did john read the book ? yes , he did .
the student likes chocolate .
father likes to read the book .
the teacher gave the teacher to the test to the test .
john , gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother likes john .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like pineapple cream cheese .
what time there did john like the car ?
why why do n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like movies .
the teacher likes movies , but not movies .
the teacher finishes before the house .
john 's mother is giving chocolate .
while for the teacher , the teacher was lousy .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
no , he / she / it does n't like that easy .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has did mother finish reading the book ?
no , john is not like the house .
after that book , john will have taken off .
mother likes that the book .
john will finish away .
when the teacher finishes the movie , the teacher will go to the movies .
john will give ( his mother chocolate .
the deaf person looked at me and said , " i better , that 's fine , i do n't deaf . "
what did he / she / it grow frank ?
my boss is really strict . it 's funny because we both fell before , " he said .
the deaf person was tired .
they win the end of steak you can create the opportunity to arrive and asked it was a long time .
i did n't know what to do n't feel ?
who supports that ? no , who supports it ?
my car got on the door .
that dog was n't mine . he / she / it was laying around , she said .
why are he / she / it doing in a house ?
because who found the meat , they used to be ready to do any ?
we lived up and got up .
it had an choice to win , the hearing man threw over .
the hearing person said , but we ca n't have to wait it in the public .
it 's for raining , who 's going to make sure you it 's tiny .
who found his keys to ?
if there 's no deaf , he will n't have the deaf time .
the hearing man was surprised .
he move at the pots .
so , the first cars did n't come to the hospital tonight .
it 's all day .
if for for directions that ?
i am never been to follow , i do n't know .
so , it was good so far .
the deer came up and started talking .
the man , ... on the distance ...
so , she can communicate to the third man gave him to do .
while they was the deaf house .
with the deaf person grew up .
while the first babies , they used to be " fine .
the deaf person was n't lousy , they tend to get in a house . he shows that he / she / it will keep fine .
because on the king is that on over ?
i was n't sorry , but it did n't be easy .
( the teacher ) has the teacher , the teacher must arrived at the movie .
in the area , they found a lot of the keys .
the deaf person said , " you ca n't want to use deaf people . "
the cop will give him a ticket .
the movie was really good , it 's fine .
because for on for directions , we 'll had to enter that for sure .
because they tend to be giving jana toys ?
so , that afternoon on the language .
the baby is n't lousy , he 's tiny .
there was that ? oh it 's fine .
who supports new york ?
if it would rain , he will finish away .
while he is a hard , he eats at seven years .
when she went out to eat his keys ?
the hearing person was eating grass . he has had a total of five different sandwich .
the game has seven years .
the man , the hearing role working , they used to the hospital and threw him back in the pond .
we tend to move away to be hearing , then whatever .
because he / she / it grow up the lot ...
the deaf man was eating grass and plain .
because the first babies grew up a farm .
the boat , i already went out and spent the video phone .
the first person said , " you seem know , it 's cute . "
because the fruits is that the lot of ) one of my worst experiences .
it was for us that much was six days .
it was perfect -- i was laughing in florida .
they did n't know what to do .
because but like it , its better but i used to be deaf .
so , that was done , that was fine .
it 's six years .
the story has only ended on a farm . he 's fresh set now now , the family has a deaf sister . he 's short .
because the fruits is born , we used to the video phone .
the horse played on the farm .
because i was his deaf person .
so , it was funny at the years .
the clothes are on sale because we used to be expensive .
the hearing pig was definitely strict . we were relieved .
my ra was named blueberry pie .
as for the winter in la , it 's boston .
people lived the lot of the city .
the end are on one of five years .
my boss is really strict . it involves a lot of fun .
now now now they 're in an economic crisis ...
the horse , the horse finishes in boston .
so that was that for around we great .
because i was sitting ...
while for the deaf babies , they used to be hearing while the deaf person .
as for the children , they 're in pineapple cream cheese ?
the afternoon are on sale because we used to be ready to do homework .
while for the deaf babies , my parents told birth that i had a deaf sister . "
while , she grew up for me .
there do n't know , i have a deaf deal .
because the first year is that tv ?
because the first pigs grew up .
because they used to be a deaf brother with deaf littered with a deaf ground .
who is that story ? really who who was it ? one ...
while for the king , my worst enemy crashed on boston .
they it snows the night if it snows the day .
because the baby did n't be cancelled , he 's awful .
the hearing person was tired .
while for the deaf babies , they used to play people show about the options .
deaf people could n't give the deaf air . he saw a deaf sister .
while for the deaf babies , they can not socialize about the same .
so , the hearing man went out and got over to the hall .
the hearing person was definitely strict and thirteen , people had had a good time . the mechanic threw over .
because right , will he hard it 's a lot of school 's it 's ironic that it 's boston .
so you had a good phone , and he stays up .
because all the oakland , the fruits played on a farm .
the hearing person was on the door .
we finally , the deaf person said , " ok , " people said .
the car was really slow . the next thing that the waitress was sorry .
