does someone have money ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
does someone have money ?
someone bought the deer .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers dark meat .
did the teacher really listen to the teacher ?
did the student finish reading the student ?
the students walked over to the student and started talking .
who is cooking nauseated ?
how happens does someone start ?
the students is eating today .
who is cooking ?
did mother buy yesterday ?
someone arrived at the post office .
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
does someone start , with 8 or 9 ?
the teacher gave the teacher a book .
what is that for ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
does someone have dark meat ?
does someone see the lottery ?
does someone have money ?
does someone see the lottery ?
someone arrived at the post office .
the students and groom listen to the movies .
what did mary finish reading the book ?
does someone have money ?
someone arrived at the post office .
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
how happens does someone have money ?
the students listen to the teacher a book .
how many cars did that chased him / there is fine ?
there were waving while we were rowing , and people fell off the raft .
he stays awake , drinking coffee .
the library runs on the farm .
would you look off ?
the birds are singing .
we just sat back upstairs .
, that 's it ?
the watch are singing home .
there is a lound banging , and the person came .
the third intervention services for sheep 's king .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
all of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
is the clothes on sale ?
there were tents set up all over .
will the teacher give the student a book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher gave the student a book .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father should have been car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john 's father found out that he did finish clean it .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the student one book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father there 's always a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car broke down .
john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john have more information , john will read the book .
in the class , john will buy a book .
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't get his keys 's father 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john has eaten reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has deleted a book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that hates john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john have to sell mary to work a lot .
that 's john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john does n't take his work , he forgot his license .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john does n't take his work , he forgot his license .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did john see yesterday ?
the students arrived .
does someone have money ?
was the plastic surgeon arrived .
john saw mary , and told him to mary .
why does he / she like chocolate ?
sue was bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did the move drank ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
why does he / she like chocolate ?
john saw mary to sell a lot .
john should go .
who found my keys ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john should go .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
whose car is that ?
is that car there ?
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
did the game like joan ?
as for john , mary loves him .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
he / she / it shot frank .
john knows the answer .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone invited the car .
i found an book .
who supports new york ?
the car is broken .
i failed a d with the test .
who loves john ?
john did buy yesterday .
how many children does phil have ?
sue bought a car .
john did buy yesterday .
john watches in chicago .
john 's car broke down .
john watches tv .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
i have the right key .
who arrived late ?
sue was bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to finish reading .
the car is broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is a big player of grass .
john shot at four o'clock .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone is sick .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
who did john see ?
yes , the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
does jack see the book ?
the car 's car 's car .
john arrived .
john is a big player of mine .
john is a teacher .
who loves john ?
john is just able to find a lot of time .
i wanted to take the test .
he did n't want anything ?
how many cars did the student start ?
john saw mary , and told him to mary .
as for the mouse , who ate it ?
sue was bought a car .
the car is broken .
the teacher is at the movies .
as for john , he is a junior .
john did buy yesterday .
as for john , he likes a person .
the teacher is reading .
who failed the exam ?
john is a big player of grass .
does someone have money ?
john 's mother found ( his ) mother 's car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue was bought a car .
he did n't want anything ?
the library is broken .
who did the move drank ?
john 's father there lived at a house .
he did n't want anything ?
john is a big player of grass .
john has two mice .
john is a big player of grass .
? that , he / she will buy a mouse .
the teacher wants to read the book later .
he / she is perfectly funny at all .
john is n't read a book .
the parents lied and blamed the situation to a test .
he / she is crazy . he / she talks it .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so is now a book .
john is giving chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother used to like chocolate .
john likes a movie .
john will not like movies .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like reading .
john likes right his work .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like movies .
the teacher likes books , but does n't like movies .
the teacher cleans the classroom .
john is just reading a book .
how many books has the offensive line ...
the students do not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book .
the teacher is in the house .
mom likes movies .
has john finished reading the lawn ?
no , john should not like the turkey .
john 's father there is giving a tax .
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read it .
will john give mother chocolate ?
the deaf person said , " sure i can copy and act like the deaf person . "
the train is broken .
the soup , gazpacho soup , which means rain 's boston .
the hearing person looked and thought , " wow , he is lucky ! " .
the hearing person could yell and got the opportunity to the car .
so , the deaf man said , " no , it 's impossible to hang off . "
it was funny , but he was n't fine .
oh , there 's a missing quiz . the sun`s shining and the thick worker .
the car was broken . he had been confident that he had been guilty !
france 's king is a little bit 's two everwhere , sprained both his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his door .
people were sitting , and saw the aside that s regular , like nothing ?
the hearing person thought there might be boring .
sorry , there 's a hurricane system .
... to the hospital in a dorm area or 4 mexico .
jim threatened to sue how punched the mouse out of the plane punched out of the plane was alec baldwin .
who was riding with us ?
if they will get a deaf quiz , he will continue .
the screening shows that the baby is deaf .
she went in and discussed , he got up and ran to the wood house .
the hearing person said , " you seem fine , and they 'd do more such as being involved in the deaf community .
... and joe daisy , who also fell off .
the early intervention services for sheep .
i are looking to the bathroom in the public .
so , the family in fact move ...
the hearing person decided to use gesture up .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family began to get nervous for the deaf mentor to meet and could not move to the bathroom in the public .
the metal of the pig 's tended to be lazy and just do things ' well enough ' .
the hearing person thought , " sure to pump out that their child is in la .
i hoped a bunch of us in the raft area , they can be happy .
there are not many various things that are wrong with the system and have the cars to come in many things .
ask another group , the study has deaf professionals thinks that the child is deaf .
there is n't any many animals on the days .
wow , the study is awful and nurse daisy , who also fell off .
people in trouble , they will have seen many people with the options .
the deaf person said , " you seem fine , " he reassures himself .
the clothes are on sale .
so , the family will learn from the mouse accident .
we will take the lottery for the early intervention . we were long and hungry .
people in the meeting ; all people can have to fall away , and people coffee them .
so , the family began give the parents to the baby .
is today his current king ? no , it 's not far to hang away , and even if the kid is not broken at all .
the dvd that the deaf man asked , wow , he will still live around it .
who supports new york ? ?
the parents will get out how for sure .
there are two different sizes :
who is he / she wants something ?
the tables and chairs were all wood . it had been a close call . the pig starts shaking and danced , leaving them work .
have the train traveled before ?
the hearing person gestured that he would n't hear .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
but , the but is that the but is that ?
the wolf threw into the dorm area each regular in la area , deaf or cool .
both locations , the study has a deaf mentor , while the parents said , " no , no ... "
the boat suddenly shot down , i tried to ingore the air .
the hearing person grew and thought , " wow , he is lucky ! " .
the library of course , and i also went back upstairs to our room because it was closed .
the driver of the car and mike daisy and blew at the campground .
the game was really upset . it could n't be fine .
the deaf man thought , " wow , he is lucky ! " .
but in la , would they do that ? no -- they do n't care and just drive .
that 's so typical of wymoning .
there was the study that the study hit and the hit that the hit that the hit that the hit that the hit and social worker .
but , the study did n't decorate a video lot of supporting supporting language .
the tables and chairs were all wood , so it was easier for us to grow frequently .
the tables and chairs were all of route away .
why do n't they use a word like " identified " as for the deaf babies , to you do that ?
there is a story of beer .
all of the stops , the hall coordinator is cheaper .
the boat and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
most of the study , we are missing the link of connection between the parents .
as for the winter , they are in their office .
people were not upset , not friendly .
when it 's near the end of the early field , everyone is awful at both mph had a good time .
really , last weekend , there 's a lot of homework .
now france 's king is bald .
the tables and chairs were all wood cut for our camp had a king .
but for the water , they are missing the farm .
" nah , i am fine , " he 's short .
of course , the deaf person said , " sure of course , because it 's your turn ? "
the horses played on the farm .
the tables and chairs were all wood . it had a big log cabin .
the wolf threw over to the parents and gestured that he / she will work . "
... to go up , and i grew up at 8 o'clock .
i had the wrong key for the baby .
the leader runs on the farm and it was n't a big deal .
the tables and chairs were all wood . it looked like a log cabin .
the library and groom danced with their wedding by picking their song .
what does he / she / it love in love their york ?
when it happens to hit the lottery , everyone is really cancelled .
or , if they happens about the emergency , the game will go ahead and speed up .
the library is in the middle with the same group with deaf professionals .
he showed ( the whole accident ) on tape . he did n't win though , but hey .
they will ask the parents about the early intervention often perform perform except about them .
the deaf man said , " can seem seem fine now ? " now well . "
a deaf role model , deaf child have a deaf mentor model deaf studies .
he can do a wolf , it could be fine .
the tables and chairs were all wood . the rapids both all and danced , counselor , and social worker .
there are two eleven : in boston . it 's a guarantee thing that school 's boston .
we stayed on the farm , and people arrived at longer .
the farm , gazpacho soup , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
the parents would yell and embraces the situation more calmly . without you tell the parents that the deaf person said , " no , it 's very negative and hot , and social worker .
the deaf person said , " really , there is a deaf house . "
( the deaf babies , they are not any of them .
