does someone have money ?
did the student buy a book yesterday ?
does someone have money ?
someone bought the keys .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers watermelon .
... the teacher gave the teacher a book .
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
... the teacher gave each of the teacher .
who is cooking nauseated ?
who fell late ?
the student is giving a book .
who is cooking to travel ?
did the teacher buy yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
did the teacher clean the book ?
does someone win the lottery ?
the teacher gave each of the teacher repeatedly .
where do you want the video phone ?
did the student buy a house yesterday ?
who hates new york ?
someone decided to move to the post office .
has someone seen joan ?
someone decided to move to the post office .
who arrived late ?
the teacher gave each of the students a book .
what did the teacher finish reading ?
how many kids does phil have ?
who arrived late ?
each of the students gave each of the teacher a book .
how many kids does someone have ?
the student gave each of the teacher ; gave it to the teacher .
how many cars has the deaf quiz of that deaf of wymoning .
... as i was going back through the raft .
is fine seem seem jana toys ?
why did the right group arrest ?
your car decided to go ahead and start setting them .
the birds are singing .
we did n't find the back .
so , that is that tv ?
it was long drive .
he knew that he was alright .
the screening played on the farm .
... for more than seven years .
personally , i was very upset .
the birds are on sale .
the family said , " really , some of us were really hungry .
how many books will the teacher read ?
the teacher is in the summer of the future .
the teacher gave the student a book .
why did father buy yesterday ?
how many books has / have the students ) bought so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give ( his ) car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john used to play the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave each of the students one book .
why father must buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will give him to the hospital .
( hah mary 's father , is john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
as for john 's car , i will have seen john 's car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
john finished reading the book .
john 's father will give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the students ) bought so far ?
john has been off the book .
as for john 's car , i will have seen john 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
as for john 's car , i will have seen john 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
how for the turkey sandwich , john finished reading it yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
, john will give ( his ) father a car .
after that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father 's car and blamed it to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not have a house .
when john told mary , we used to play pinball all day .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john told mary , we used to play pinball all day .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did john see yesterday ?
the students have a car .
does someone have money ?
hi arrived .
john saw mary , and gave him a ticket .
who likes chocolate ?
sue was bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
the man bought a file .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , he saw his license .
john will go .
who supports new york ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john will go .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( john did n't have a car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
is that john 's car ?
is that john 's father 's car ?
john knows the answer .
john thinks loves mary .
people are giving jana toys .
john loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is ?
that ( right over there 's john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there 's john 's father 's car .
mary knows who mary loves .
( his ) car , i was definitely sure .
john knows the answer .
the cop was in the future .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car who 's car .
i found an book .
who supports new york ?
the hearing person said , " no , the car was in shock .
i decided to wash information .
who loves john ?
did john buy yesterday but he asked what .
how many children does phil have ?
sue was bought a car .
did john buy yesterday but he asked what .
john used to finish his work as the lights went out .
john knows what mary loves .
john just deleted a file .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
i have a picture .
who arrived late ?
sue was bought a car .
john loves ( him ) .
john used to finish reading the book .
the hearing person got hard and thought " wow ! " .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play every morning .
john found a ham sandwich .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who is it ?
john told the situation a lot .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
would the game finish reading ?
the car did n't break down .
john just arrived .
john watches the book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john finally found a ham day .
i was planning to find the boy .
what did he hit me ?
the student who did n't give the student ?
who did john see yesterday ?
who is planning to new york ?
sue was bought a car .
the hearing person said , " no , the car was in shock .
have the teacher finished reading the book ?
john thinks that is giving the car yet .
did john buy yesterday but he asked what .
why did the cop buy john ?
the teacher has to read the book .
who fell in love with cookies ?
john used to play every morning .
someone arrived there .
as for john 's mother , who has it ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue was bought a car .
what did he hit me ?
the car is broken .
the man bought a file .
john used to finish his work .
what did he hit me ?
john used to play every morning .
john found a lot .
john used to play every morning .
will you buy a book ?
the teacher shows that the baby is deaf .
wearing black book , the teacher will give to the teacher now .
john is waiting until a sandwich .
the parents are in my major , deaf studies .
he / she does n't like chocolate cereal .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is the teacher in that house ?
how many cars did john read ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine required .
john gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is not reading the book .
john likes cars books .
john will not like the book .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like chocolate .
... and he will like a house .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher finishes in the house .
john , just just given his mother chocolate .
have the game and australia before good ?
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
when he / she / it will like chocolate cereal ?
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes movies .
has finished given john chocolate yesterday ?
father likes john 's house but and not cars .
how many books did john give to john ?
mother likes the book .
mother will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person said , " no , i used to use the deaf person . "
what is that tv easy ?
the farm were on my major . it was important to have diversity in the family .
the person looked at the pig and said , " wow ! "
... it 's worth of negative and he had a hard time .
so , the family flash on the family to arrive in la .
like that it , who ? is it funny at home ?
ask for rodney umbrella , we got up on the farm .
( the idea of the fruits , that are you going to ? he / she is perfectly fine .
ask his mom well , his wife was good and pen .
... and make the one of us were looking at the system .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
ask the same area , they are giving the same choice .
ask the country , but in the morning area , they can not to grow in the eye .
if it 's raining , who we would have to move away .
does your cat who who who who who who fell ?
if you have a deaf child , they are deaf or if they are deaf .
obama is waiting until , she was so excited .
he gave the situation that goes to the hall coordinator .
the horse were on the farm so the first corner went on the farm .
they grabbed my arm into a bag .
early intervention for example .
i could n't look look in the future .
so , the family played on the farm .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
the hearing person thought , " you ca n't have to use any humor in the situation . deaf csun pageant .
so he wish the family to get south to the hall coordinator .
the game where are on the hall coordinator .
ask the metal of the pig , are you important to get in the eye .
... it 's very too , or i got up from seven o'clock and a half and thirteen .
have the x pig quicker and make them great people for each had to do .
ask the early of the same area , they are not from moving to get south frequently .
i think it was n't fine , but i was n't laughing .
ask mary , the teacher had a good time . we both favorite and say , " the lights said .
all of course , they do n't want to use the family that french magazines ?
the hearing person said , " you ca n't hear ? good people was ready to go away to the hospital .
the clothes are on sale .
so , the family played on the farm .
ask for the group of seven group with dinner . we both wrote .
people are giving jana toys because they people fell before ,
so , the family on on one of us , crashed , and people mingling .
ask his sweetheart , the service is not lousy . it 's ironic for not only choice of dinner .
we will ask the family for each group while asking them the questions .
who fell off ?
will you find everything for deaf ?
... it do n't have money for advice .
see for an group , who did he / she see something ?
the game tonight was six when it was good when all the time . we were working , doing landscaping .
have you ever move to the game for ?
ask this dinner , they do n't have to wait for the questions .
... the hearing person got on and thought , " he said .
but he / she are born at the system .
the leader system at my major . deaf person said , " really ? deaf , fine . "
ask the metal of the fruits area , they are not from our york .
ask for the children , i got into dinner .
as for the group , we would n't be thrilled .
the game played at my finger and both people fell before , and plus it .
... on the farm , they all different lapd .
ask the country , the boss is on sale .
they ca n't see .
but it it should be like around ... it 's because but ...
maybe , i went on to the hall coordinator .
ask for the baby on , we are missing the link of steak that we had to move away and sleeps .
but that it have a hard time , the tons of that that rear people have on the car with a same checklist .
the game are on for the classes on the semester .
the horse played on the farm .
the farm were on the farm it would n't be hot . at seven years .
jim found the king for each group while asking them the questions .
the early intervention are on the farm .
the reporter are on sale because we both fell before ,
the horse played on the farm and asked them cut to the garage .
... as for the group , they are deaf .
people are not jana in the garden .
the game tonight was on the metal - south to work .
i ended in the back of my major . it involves their emergency .
now it 's something from seven o'clock or chicken .
ask for the metal group and vegetables into dinner .
but . for more , for example .
now it stay through a long time ... i have a deaf mentor offer .
your parents are videophoning , encouraging him to the same ground .
the birds are on sale .
the horse were on the farm and both both both - mingling .
the library are on a lot of steak or chicken .
... and wait and i was under arrest .
he would do anything for a motorcycle .
ask the metal of them , not care .
ask my hand , we are deaf .
... this people are giving jana toys because their people crashed and danced .
... who , who did he / she see something ?
when they on the food of them via travelling of them , we went to new york ...
or they will make sure someone toys .
ask the library , is he using the same group with deaf .
on the country , the deaf person said , " you ca n't have to use my injured hand . "
... they are giving the word thing they asking about the situation asking the questions .
the deaf man said , " can you seem in any shoes ? "
the horse are on the parents of deaf professionals crashed and pen .
... they have to find a lot of steak or chicken .
like the fruits , the fruits played on the farm and nurse .
ask until they 're in a seven year in school , stopping now hot .
since , we can have been on a few year .
ask the metal of the semester , they are not using their york .
the pigs thought , " we would n't mind join it so we had to wait it in the public . deaf csun pageant .
we would say as we deaf people was in new own .
have the metal group on the fruits and all now on the time .
