does someone see the answer ?
did the student buy a book yesterday ?
does someone see the answer ?
does someone see the answer ?
the student did n't buy a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers watermelon .
did the teacher give the teacher insurance ?
did he buy a car yesterday ?
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
who is looking ?
someone has been late ?
the student is giving a house .
did you take off ?
the teacher bought the car yesterday .
someone arrived home .
did the teacher give the teacher to the student a book ?
does someone like the answer ?
the teacher cleans the classroom .
do you want to use the video phone ?
did the student buy a house yesterday ?
someone has seen joan .
did someone see the car ?
did someone see the car ?
did someone see the car ?
someone arrived home .
the teacher is full , but the students do n't .
what did you give the teacher ?
what did the cop hit the car ?
someone arrived home .
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
has someone seen joan ?
the student must give the student a book .
have the deaf sister on the parents ?
" he walked upstairs with the deaf person .
people are giving jana toys .
has the name of right ?
are you travelling ?
the birds are singing .
he pulls off the lid ...
what is he / she / it will eat a mouse .
he / she / it is hungry .
he , ...
wearing the name is full .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
the game came in and south to the hospital .
the birds are singing .
" really , i felt everything was a fine . "
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is in the fall there .
wolf bought a movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john used to finish his reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the student to give the student a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will blow the bagel .
that ( right over there ) is mary 's father 's car .
will the student 's father buy a house ?
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
as for john 's car , i wo n't go to sleep .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's father bought a car .
as for john , he will buy a car .
john has deleted the book .
if john will read the book , he will panic .
in the future , john will buy him to john .
will mother host a pizza ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't give ( his ) mother 's car .
the student 's father wants to buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has just yet finished reading the book .
as for john 's car , i wo n't go to sleep .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
as for john 's car , i wo n't go to sleep .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires the teacher , john will read the book .
who has john finished reading the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't give the car to mary .
that book has john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
the student must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not like a house .
john told out about john found me out when he was bawled the house .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john told out about john found me out when he was bawled the house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought yesterday .
who did john see yesterday ?
the student has a car .
someone has deleted the dog .
i had a picture .
he , john , in an future .
who likes chocolate ?
is sue buying a car ?
john bought yesterday yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
he / she / it will leave .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
he , john , in an future .
john prefers to go now .
who found mary ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john prefers to go now .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that dog is john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
which car is that ?
is that john 's car ?
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
is the story of australia ?
as for john , mary loves him .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
he / she three frank .
john knows the answer .
france is a vegetarian .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
is someone buying the car ?
i found an umbrella .
who supports mary ?
the car is broken .
why is the right key ?
who loves john ?
john bought mary yesterday .
what did the tree be ?
is sue buying a car ?
john bought mary yesterday .
he saw john to read a house .
john has just arrived .
john must deleted the file .
who is john 's keys ?
who arrived late ?
i do n't even have one dollar .
who arrived late ?
is sue buying a car ?
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read the book .
he / she / it shot the car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to hit the sack .
john found his keys .
john bought yesterday .
is someone raining ?
john used to finish his work .
who is john ?
no , the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
did the game finish before ?
the car 's full .
john arrived .
john works at the library .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john really finished reading the grass .
i found an umbrella .
what did he hit ?
did the student make a car yesterday ?
john did n't see anyone .
who told me john ?
is sue buying a car ?
the car is broken .
the teacher has been reading the book .
john leaves given the library .
john bought mary yesterday .
as for john , he likes mary .
the teacher has been reading the book .
who supports new york ?
john used to hit the sack .
someone has a big event .
as for john 's mother , who arrived ?
john bought mary .
is sue buying a car ?
what did he hit ?
the library is broken .
he / she / it will leave .
john has been treating until tonight .
what did he hit ?
john used to hit the sack .
john leaves at seven o'clock .
john used to hit the sack theater .
if it rains , he will buy flowers .
the teacher works at the farm .
i think the teacher , the teacher was surprised and danced .
john is waiting until , he 's in the future .
i used to come in the email .
he / she / it is crazy in the library .
the teacher is somewhere old .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher has finished reading the book .
john has visited ( his ) mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother used to buy chocolate .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like the movie .
does he / she like chocolate ? no , he does n't like .
he likes to buy a car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like movies .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher finishes reading the book .
john is reading chocolate .
i had the movie finish reading the book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
in the future , dad will like that black book .
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes movies .
has finished finished reading the internet ?
no , john likes cars , ( in the future , he does n't like a car .
how many cars did john read the book ?
mother likes the movie .
as for john , he will buy chocolate .
if the teacher finishes reading the book , he will visualize the book .
john will not like chocolate .
that s cars that i was n't deaf . i think he / she wants a deaf sister .
he / she / it shot work .
well , it 's really inspiring . which , right now .
no , i watched lox cream cheese .
he , i just finished an opportunity to the hall coordinator .
the hearing man wrapped the needle , and not to get the letter to not hot .
he / she talks a lot of who ?
the cop gestured , but if the computer breaks down , they used to the hospital .
what long of did he / she / it want to get out that silber ? he / she / it was laying all .
because they are now for example .
he made of the car and vegetables in , he saw me chocolate ?
it has a big brother .
they had a good time .
the hearing person asked he should n't be dry . "
if it 's snowing there , it will be rained . it 's ironic that us two going on .
... and wait that ?
if he / she talks a three person , will you say that ?
the car is full .
he give the cover and everything that ended over .
the hearing person gestured he / she drove a little bit .
they was drinking underage .
early clothes for seven years .
no , i went to the bathroom institute .
the teacher finishes care of the three pigs .
he walks off the country .
the hearing person gestured that he 's deaf , and better that cars is deaf .
he sat at the wood coordinator .
he thought , " i 'm ready to do anything else . " he thought
the hearing person asked he 's not hot . "
i thought they used to myself " i am tired , " he said , " i warned you , one ... one ... three ... "
the wolf gestured , " you know , he got excused ! " , he 's not lazy and he 's not hearing .
while for example , they used into a second floor .
i wo n't believe it 's not raining . oh , it 's fine .
someone used to because the teacher , i wrote but , the teacher will like more anymore , like for example .
... like one night . i was wonderful , but many people were sitting in california .
the deaf man said he could n't hear down and say " fine " and drove on the chimney .
the game is lousy .
the hall man looked at the library and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
even for directions . when for directions , we will take to jamaica for a motorcycle .
they have to be giving jana toys because they are in their economic crisis .
the hearing man asked he , that 's fine . the hearing person said , " wow , he is lucky ! " he said .
his wife not not talking of the car . they had n't seen the wrong key .
there was that ? what ? no , that 's wrong .
who supports new york ?
it will turn into that / that is it .
if he / she / it grow up there with it first .
does he / she / it want to go out ?
i have to get a big bite because he / she left his license and wonder his door .
have you finished talking ?
the hearing person gestured he had n't hear the needle .
they ca n't see the opportunity to go frequently .
but he / she talks a lot with ?
he , i have a deaf house with the system .
the hearing person was working , but if he / she up a lot of effort on the time .
the car is full next with me . i know , it was funny .
i do n't even have one dollar .
the birds 's name and groom ended their wedding in time .
i was born and raised over for that six years .
i had a baby . it was only five minutes away .
they hit me twice the lid .
but it was to be important to do , it was important to be in la .
they said , " we ca n't see that .
the hearing person was really upset . it involves their opportunity for deaf or five years in the meeting .
but that is he / she / it grow up on the farm with on the farm with water .
the hearing person thought , " which means do n't decorate ?
the tables notices the car , and liked to the garage .
i was in the fast and it was wonderful time .
he / she did n't get money .
the clothes are in the rules of florida , the boss is definitely cancelled .
i had a big house .
i ca n't feel problems to go to the hospital because it 's ironic .
as for the baby , they used to continue in the group .
why did n't you like money ?
while for the winter , only those has been late , but i got a lot of time .
it is really inspiring because it involves my first night .
right now they 're in an economic crisis .
the car is full . it had been important to do more than seven years .
they give birth to do that for a lot of time .
the right , i have a deaf today . i wrote that it 's ironic that us 're have to take advantage about asl .
" and the cop go to the hospital and give it to the hospital .
i used to not for a tax .
i was coughing the grass time because they are having though for example .
" i think he / she really feels nothing ? " he asks himself .
while my umbrella , i grew up and it grew me .
i had n't believe it 's not raining .
it is important to be an big deal . oh , no ...
i tapped the waitress and asked it was too late .
he slowly in the fast , he chopped up one of the system .
he gave me back in the area .
when it 's near the end of friends went to the hospital because it 's ironic that i had been arrested .
they make sure if it snows , i will go ahead and sit up .
he died in the library and it 's important to not friendly .
he cut hard the victim and dumped it in the coffin .
they have huge groups for the deaf child . he 's tiny .
the deaf person continued lousy , but he is n't deaf .
the deaf person continued lousy and blamed the two cars .
he laboriously , he laboriously , he , he feels excused the lid ...
the hearing person asked , " which means do you prefer ? " i clear you , one ... "
while for the winter , they 're using a fast dinner because they 're now . it 's cute .
i had to be patient , i had a big game .
the only was working and groom grew their wedding .
i thought the most thing . the hearing person said , " you know , they ca n't hear him . " i am sorry " fine " and said , " we must copy to sleep . "
the deaf person is giving the drive , " really , football ... "
i was not laughing using the motorcycle . i thought there was no tax .
