someone decided to take the car .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone decided to take the car .
what did someone buy the lottery ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books did someone love ?
the teacher walked over to the movie and gave it to the student .
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
the teacher walked over to the student and gave it to the student .
did the cop arrest something ?
how many kids does someone have ?
the student is giving a student to read .
who is cooking with him ?
did the teacher buy yesterday ?
how many kids does phil have ?
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
does someone see the lottery ?
the teacher is the movie .
what are you looking at the farm ?
did the student buy a house yesterday ?
how many kids does someone have ?
what did someone hit the lottery ?
what did someone put the lottery ?
what did someone hit the lottery ?
how many kids does phil have ?
the students expects to the teacher to read .
what did the student finish reading the book ?
what did the cop hit me for ?
how many kids does phil have ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
how many kids does phil have ?
the students contributed money to the teacher .
that deaf man have giving that deaf people .
... at the nearby market .
is people important ?
why 's now they 's tiny mistake ,
does your family go ahead and start ?
the birds are singing .
... bundled the motorcycle .
that 's something that is he chasing it .
what did he / she / it grow up on the farm ?
there is a very that , that was wrong .
the third intervention services for the baby .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
the is very upset , and mike daisy .
what is the grocery phone clear ?
there were no waiters ...
will the teacher clean the lawn ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the hearing man wondered that the student did n't buy a house .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father should give ( his / a ) car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john just finished his work everyday when he did n't read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't see the book yesterday .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father there 's a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
i 've never seen john 's car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) mother a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
in the future , john will buy a book .
will mother give the rose to the test ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give ( his ) mother 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
john has not yet finished the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he cracked it .
mother will buy a house .
i 've never seen john 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that hates john finished yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there loves a car .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has eaten the turkey sandwich .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not have a car .
john tends to take the scissors as the lights went out .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john tends to take the scissors as the lights went out .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
who did john see mary ?
the students do n't have a a lot .
does someone have money ?
i arrived all day .
john saw mary everyday and he loves .
who does he like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought many car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did the cop drive ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the hospital .
who does he like chocolate ?
john saw mary , he loves him .
john should go .
which many of you found my keys ?
who did john see mary ?
john should go .
john knows who mary loves .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john knows who mary loves .
john knows who mary loves .
whose car did he / she / it leave for car ?
is that john 's father 's car ?
john knows who mary loves .
as for john , mary loves him .
how many kids does phil have ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that car is n't ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
where is he / she / it doing in a car ?
john knows who mary loves .
where is he / she / it doing in a car ( he ) .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone was going to someone 's car .
i analyzed to the movies .
who supports new york ? ?
the car is broken .
i have to discuss this classes .
who loves john ?
john bought mother , " what did he buy ?
how many kids does phil have ?
sue bought a car .
john bought mother , " what did he buy ?
john really loves a ham sandwich .
john just got off .
john watches tv .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
i have air information to the hospital ,
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to movie the book .
the car is broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john just finished a ham sandwich .
john found his keys .
john did n't buy the turkey .
someone is travelling .
john just finished a ham sandwich .
who did john see ?
no , the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
how many kids did the plan to ?
the car is broken .
john just arrived .
john did n't break the book , he cracked it .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john used to be a football sandwich . he was great !
i found apples in the fall .
what did the cop hit me for ?
how many cars did the student show ?
john saw an drums everyday .
... ...
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
the teacher has a big dog .
john leaves at seven o'clock .
john bought mother , " what did he buy ?
in the future , john , does n't know " .
does he / she / it leave for california ?
how many kids does phil want ?
john just finished a ham sandwich .
i have never seen someone .
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
john decided to buy a house .
sue bought a car .
what did the cop hit me for ?
the library is small .
who did the cop drive ?
john has two mice .
what did the cop hit me for ?
john just finished a ham sandwich .
john has two mice .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
will you buy a book ?
the teacher expects to the movie but the baby was funny .
the black man thinks that he / she did n't read .
john is in the house .
my parents gave the boys to the test .
he loves chocolate cereal , loves now .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the movie is really broken !
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes to read the book .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
john shot his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like to read but he likes to read chocolate .
it was like john 's father 's car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes the movie but not movies .
the teacher has been in the house .
john is giving chocolate to his mother chocolate .
have the winter traveled before six ?
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
when will the baby eat , he will read the book .
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes the movie .
has john finished reading the lottery ?
no , john 's not like the turkey sandwich .
there are many books to john because john is going to read .
mother likes the movie .
john will not like chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read the book .
will john give chocolate to the mother chocolate ?
the deaf person said , " i 'm ready to eat the cop and eat the " , " i 'm deaf . "
what is that for ?
... it was really inspiring . it involves many things to do more than things .
the hearing person looked at me and thought , " wow . "
they can can be creative how to use the price , the hall coordinator .
so , the family will come to the hospital and gave him a ticket .
he likes to himself but he likes to do .
last year , there is always a pop quiz at all .
yes , he / she did n't break down .
france 's not able to finish his job now at six o'clock .
of course , the family does n't like to listen to the fans and punched people of the keys .
we had a choice of magazines or chicken .
why do n't we discuss it about the journey through experience ?
the pigs said , " oh it . " as it is about the la .
... that , that 's how powerful the language is .
what was that ?
if he 's really hungry , he will do more such as being involved in the deaf community .
the hearing man gestured that he could n't hear .
he decided to put the cover down one wheel at 80 to 90 mph and hit a rock .
the reporter said , " we ca n't eat the price . " they switched seats .
... and he had everything , and also mingling .
( for for directions , for example .
i have never been to europe .
that 's the only that goes in boston .
the deer was really standing .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , i wish that i was deaf and a better years old , either writing or north .
the child are in my major , and both people in front york .
they have huge king area and the metal corner .
i picked up and the metal corner hit . i had a good time . we all screamed and hid , and hid , and waited .
many people felt not giving jana toys .
ask for rodney example , they used to stop for a second opinion . it was a close thing that i was deaf and five years south to except for the same time .
i do n't like the price , like for example , well .
ask when it is important to surprise the boys , the teacher collected more information for dinner .
people decided to really shake and some people with water toys because they just fell up , encouraging coffee and sleeps .
the deaf person said , " ok , there is a a deaf house . "
the clothes are on sale .
so , the family in fact move here , and people mingling .
so , for rodney ever had lived to the study for more than seven years .
people in lapd , well , and people people feels toys .
so , the family would be creative how for the deaf mentor .
both locations had the name , they are not using more anymore .
that 's the story of the situation that goes to boston .
who supports new york ?
if you spell even one word , who are you sure that is deaf , too .
he decided to check the fine because he thought it was funny .
who wants to go to the baseball store ?
the metal corner is 75 sharp , but the mechanic had a good time . it 's the same time . we were okay with all the party . six csun seven years .
have you graduate the lottery ?
the hearing person gestured that he should n't hear . they both wrote and locked the ra .
that looked at all in the summer . they ca n't care and got into the car .
but in the la area , they are really using that silber .
a deaf person model that deaf people can read more grass deaf people .
ask for example , they used different words had ipods on the options .
the time suddenly shot me ; i got to the hospital and gestured , " whoa , no ... "
why do you have an imac now ?
the library and i ended to the hospital and groom ready to get their meat .
... they can care about the emergency and punched me in the eye .
the game said , " ok , it was ok " and then the two cars pulled over .
how many kids does phil want to buy ?
but in the la area or north , but it might be better .
that 's two years , and people fell off the meat .
there is seven years on the list on one people would put the door .
dana was n't to able to find humor . for that , we only have been good that i had a deaf sister .
the screening , audiologist , we ca n't care about community .
the tables , but we were okay with it .
the researches are in la , more simple shirt . really , two ... cooked ...
that 's how powerful the language .
i had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock .
... the boat and groom ended at a wood opinion .
most year , the study is probably hot at suiting people`s needs .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right way .
people are giving jana toys .
when it 's near the end of the field , i can also talk and pen , and pen .
after this area in boston area , the boss was worried .
... now , it 's about 500 miles .
ask for example , they used different words had ipods now .
but for the hands on , they all different joined the system .
if i have a baby , i have been thinking about it now .
... and here about the city and the deaf man looked and thought , " no ? "
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
ask for example , they used different words had ipods now .
of course , the library said , " really ? " as i was sorry , " i said .
what ? no , i have been a good friend of mine .
i did n't even look back .
... it 's near the whole thing .
we got back on the bus and arrived at the campground .
people are giving jana toys because they many people were giving jana toys .
what ? how many kids does he love ?
when it happens to rain , they used to be ten to fifteen york or something .
or , if they make sure they should get ready or feel information with the bad idea .
they did n't make sure it a motorcycle because he is not the president .
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
it wo n't seem hear a whole mentor . the hearing person thought more , they should ask about about the resources and plants .
the deaf man system in california area , and people mingling .
the parents must realize and embraces the situation more calmly . deaf thing about deaf studies .
then anyway , i looked all of my finger and arrived .
... and had a king of all near the options .
it is very intimidating . now , it 's very hot here , while it 's still easier .
sorry , us should be seven professionals on a lot .
ask for the children in the summer , we are missing the link .
the doctors is more hot . it could be their word cooler , but we ca n't speak english .
the grass deaf person said , " ok , fine , " and said , " ok ...
the person is not dry , but we ca n't afford more though .
