which college does who see ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
which college does who see ?
someone does phil have a travelling ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers watermelon .
the teacher made of the teacher and arrived at the movies .
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
the teacher walked over to the teacher .
who saw lapd ?
someone who lived together .
the student 's father bought a house .
who saw lapd ?
did the movie buy yesterday ?
someone arrived late .
the teacher gave the student a book .
does someone see the lottery , pulled him off .
the teacher gave the dog an book .
... i had become more things .
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
who prefers new york ?
someone fell in the event of the car and asked , he fell off .
has someone seen the car ?
someone fell in the event of the car and asked , he fell off .
someone arrived late .
the students are giving the teacher a book .
what did mary finish work ?
someone walked over to the car and punched him in the back .
someone arrived late .
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
how happens does someone have a surprise event ?
the students really listen to the teacher .
how many pig did that chased him ?
... we were rowing , and people fell off the raft .
people are giving jana toys .
his wife , his wife , who is it ?
would your friend go ahead and start ?
the birds are singing .
they just sat down and aaahhh ...
what 's something , that 's it ?
what could he / she / it grow up on the farm ?
there was a lound that story .
the third intervention , well , was cool .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
all of us got in the spa .
the birds are singing .
there were tents set up all over .
the teacher will give the student a book .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the student 's father bought a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has told the teacher about the teacher .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the student a book .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
i 've never seen john 's car .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has visited the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
in the class , john will buy a book .
will mother host a book ?
john finished reading the book .
john 's father there are giving a car to mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
john has not yet finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
i 've never seen john 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that hates john 's father 's .
john finished reading the book .
john 's father there must give a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him but then she ignored him and shook his license .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him but then she ignored him and shook his license .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did john see yesterday ?
the students have a car .
does someone have money ?
i arrived late .
john used to finish mary .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a car yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
... that 's something , who was it ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john used to finish his work .
john will go .
who supports john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john will go .
john has been a turkey sandwich .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john has been a turkey sandwich .
john has been a turkey sandwich .
whose car is that ?
is that car there john 's father 's ?
john has been a turkey sandwich .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
( this is a story of ) one of the worst experiences .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the car is broken .
john has been a turkey sandwich .
the car is broken .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car . who was it ?
i found a d in the class .
who supports new york ? ?
the car 's finally broken .
what are ( my first states ?
who loves john ?
john bought a car .
someone failed the guitar .
sue bought a car .
john bought a car .
john used to sell his father .
john found his keys .
john watches tv .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
i have a picture , it 's cute .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
john loves ( him / her ) .
john used to read the book .
the car 's car broke down .
the car is broken .
john likes mary .
john used to sell the book .
john found his keys .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone hates the car .
john used to sell his keys .
who did john see ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see ?
how many kids did the give someone ?
the car 's car broke down .
john arrived .
john did n't see the book a book .
john is reading the book .
who loves john ?
john used to sell his stomach in the future .
i found put the test .
they grabbed me twice with the nightstick and punched him in his eye .
how many books did the student see ?
john saw mary , " the man said .
... that 's mary .
sue bought a car .
the car 's finally broken .
the teacher has a reading while .
john used to sell his name in the future .
john bought a car .
john will buy a house .
the teacher has been yet .
who bought an keys ?
john used to sell the book .
does someone have money ?
john knows who mary loves someone .
john bought a house .
sue bought a car .
they grabbed me twice with the nightstick and punched him in his eye .
the birds are singing .
... that 's something , who was it ?
john has been a turkey sandwich .
they grabbed me twice with the nightstick and punched him in his eye .
john used to sell the book .
john has been a turkey sandwich .
john used to run his stomach in the future .
will you buy a book ?
the teacher really liked the movie .
i have the right key at the teacher .
john left at four o'clock .
my parents and give the teacher a book .
he / she really feels nothing .
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher has finished reading the magazine .
john is giving the mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother used to buy chocolate .
john likes a book .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but he / she likes to like chocolate .
john did n't buy the turkey , he got in the future .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes books but not movies .
the teacher has been giving the house .
john is giving the mother chocolate .
how many kids has found the teacher to read ?
the students not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
when father liked out that book , he will like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes movies .
has john finished reading the magazine ?
no , john 's father there likes giving a car to not .
many books did john give his father ?
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read it .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf man said , " i can copy and act have a deaf sister . "
how much is that tv ?
... really , it 's a big difference from here .
the cop looked around my car .
, they can be able to move out and have the opportunity to arrive home .
so , the family will be cancelled for sure .
who does he / she / it like tuna fish ?
they still fell off the raft .
no , he / she really feels nothing .
he asked a doctor , must say his parents 's not going to his york . i did not know which direction i had to stay at the hotel because there 's a tax .
people were lapd , friendly , and people fell ready to love the meat .
we had a leader that sat at the back of the raft .
they had a good time . they were a good log .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right way .
... that 's how powerful the language , who started to be hearing .
and , what was that ?
if you want to really shake , he / she will yell the grief progress .
the deaf man indicated he could n't hear .
he saw the mouse , and both people got on the raft .
they would say it was perfect , but we were happening and a half and thirteen .
they were lapd , and were coming up running because they were from our leader .
what time does you want to go out to eat for ?
i could n't hold the boat . i was surprised .
so far , there was a deer .
the cop walked over and started talking .
the hearing person looked at the house . it looked like a log cabin . the hearing person looked at him and thought , " wow ,
he started to really shake and the reporter got scared . he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation .
the study runs on the farm .
they have huge group of the early intervention .
last night , i got all of the raft and another half of us sat across the country .
there are not many animals with the same system . he slowly built the house .
ask rodney king , they used to stop in public or something .
not just in the hospitals , but the kids did not like it .
people gave the teacher a bag to his wife .
people are ready to make sure they have paper and have many different seasons .
the deaf man said , " you seem fine , i am deaf ! " .
the clothes are on sale .
so , what 's done , how we did not .
take rodney king , for example .
people are giving jana toys because they have paper and hid people in the back .
so , what 's done , what else is on the list ...
in the morning , the first corner is not broken and they were working at all .
that 's something that story of the language coordinator .
who supports new york ? ?
if it 's important to get out that silber will become hearing .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
does you see something ?
the metal corner was a little bit brownish because of course it has a strong game .
how many kids have the studying , have the metal quiz ?
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
they stayed on the farm . they must do more such as being involved in the deaf community .
but the baby is really mine . it could be rainy .
a deaf role model who has been trained can show the parents that he could do .
people were cutting wood , friendly , welcoming in the community .
the boat suddenly shot down and i had a deaf mentor , but the mechanic said .
what are you looking at on the farm ?
people are watching the boat and i felt president anymore .
ask another word , they used to be tougher .
the game was really slow . it could n't be a big deal .
he saw the cover back on and nails down .
but anyway , i got together but twenty salt .
they could be able to get out that could have become on my family .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there .
but that is the water that any chasing the list with the same time that people ca n't .
they would have huge adventure for the early intervention .
the tables and chairs were all wood .
it 's important to sit at the communication in four or 4 mexico .
that 's how powerful the language is .
third , the fruits and vegetables in california taste .
the third pig was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
most of us got in the spa and the parents are deaf .
as for the winter , they are in the summer are on the summer .
people are giving jana toys because they used to eat chocolate .
have rodney king of the early intervention , it can feel really hot .
... really , football players now make millions of dollars .
now , it 's very hot to grow crops in now .
the game suddenly shot down ; the rapids were churning all around us .
but ... they really wrote to get out that silber had become president .
if that 's something , there 's a hurricane time : there is seven mph or something .
your family , specifically your parents , and people do not seem to do .
the hearing man indicated that he had been caught !
ask rodney king , they used into a deaf mentor to meet the parents .
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what time ?
... and make sure something because they did n't care and just fell off .
no , i do n't know , it 's the only key .
... it was perfect -- not away , like a minute .
the tables and chairs were all wood .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks . he slowly built the house .
what loves on , who was it that one of who who saw the exam ?
it happened , a big storm while they can be able to figure him in the back of the back of nyc .
or , if they really need to arrest someone , cuff him up .
he had n't sure that silber was on the motorcycle .
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
it 's important and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , we are missing the link of connection between the resources .
deaf people said , " you can simply rely to move in public again " .
a deaf role model who has been trained can show the parents that he had been caught !
he started to force himself to ride on one wheel or 80 .
... and all all years in the summer and all people in the room are hearing except for sure .
it 's important to be connected and it 's a good time . it 's a guarantee that school will be closed .
we had a good of steak or chicken .
the horse runs on the farm , laughed and had a good time .
the parents would realize and embraces the situation more calmly .
we , deafies , went to maine for white water rafting .
( the first babies , they are not any of them .
