does someone find the keys ?
did mother buy a book ?
does someone find the keys ?
does someone have a big dog ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers watermelon .
... did the teacher hit me ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
the teacher did n't see the book .
who is liz ?
someone prefers dark recently .
the students must give a student to a student .
who is liz ?
have the teacher bought yesterday ?
someone arrived late ?
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
does someone have a big dog ?
the teacher is in the house .
why do you plan to travel ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
someone prefers dark recently .
does someone like the surprise event ?
does someone have money ?
does someone like the surprise event ?
someone arrived late ?
the students tend to get the movie .
what did the student finish reading the book ?
is something upset ?
someone arrived late ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
how does someone have an keys ?
the students exchanged reading the book .
how many children does phil have a deaf mentor ?
... did he hit me ?
is the library closed ?
now france 's king is bald ?
are you looking by ?
the birds are singing ?
he removes the lid .
what 's that ?
what was that ?
that 's fine .
the third vibrating , yes , he / she should work .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
all of us were shocked to do .
is that videogame easy ?
there were tents set up all over .
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher wondered and he / she was funny .
why did father buy yesterday ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john 's father found his keys everyday .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student and gave his student a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's name ( john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
should john give his father that car ?
did john see the window ? i did n't know .
that book finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
in the class , john will buy a book .
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to her .
the student 's father there and blamed this / her ) 's car .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has deleted the book .
did john see the window ? i did n't know .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
did john see the window ? i did n't know .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that boy finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
that book finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him to say " hello " .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him to say " hello " .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought many books .
who did john see yesterday ?
the students arrived at the library .
does someone have the student(s ?
he arrived at rit .
john used to run mary .
who does he / she like chocolate ?
sue was bought a car .
john bought many books .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the mouse , who was it ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does he / she like chocolate ?
john did n't see the turkey , mary .
john should go .
who supports john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john should go .
john 's car broke down .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john 's car broke down .
john 's car broke down .
whose car did he / she / it leave ?
is that ?
john 's car broke down .
as for john , mary loves him / her loves him .
how many kids does phil have ?
john wants to sell mary .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for mary and vegetables , ( i ) know she likes corn .
where did he / she / it leave for california ?
john 's car broke down .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone was n't buying a car .
i volunteer to help after class .
who supports bill ?
the car is broken .
why are they chasing me ?
who loves john ?
john bought many books .
someone are very upset .
sue bought the car .
john bought many books .
john really finished his keys .
john just found his keys .
john is a doctor .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
i have a picture .
who arrived late ?
sue was bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the car 's not broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is in a house from 10 o'clock .
john found his keys .
john bought many books .
someone is going out .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
who did john see ?
he / she will give a car .
who loves john ?
did john see yesterday ?
did jack see the book ?
the car 's broken .
john arrived .
john is in a house . he is n't buying a house .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john used to be a football player . he was great !
i volunteer to play rent .
" what did the cop hit me ?
how many cars did the student buy ( pay ?
john saw mary and told him a ticket .
who plays bill ?
sue was bought a car .
the car is broken .
the teacher is at the movies .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
john bought many books .
is that john 's former ?
the teacher does n't like the movie .
who prefers dark ?
john is in a house from 10 o'clock .
does someone have money ?
did john finish reading mother ?
john bought many keys .
sue was bought a car .
" what did the cop hit me ?
is the library closed ?
as for the mouse , who was it ?
john has n't found his keys yet .
" what did the cop hit me ?
john is in a house from 10 o'clock .
john has just found his keys .
john used to hit the sack at 10 o'clock .
then he will buy a book .
the teacher liked down but he / she is n't guilty .
he / she should read the book to the test .
john is n't a turkey sandwich .
my parents gave the teacher one book .
what ? no , right now does n't ?
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is more movie .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
john used to have chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother suspected that john used to like .
john likes cars .
john will like the movie .
the student likes to eat chocolate but he / she does n't like to read .
what did the cop hit me for ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like movies .
the teacher likes books but not movies .
the teacher is in the house there .
john is eating a sandwich now .
of course , the teacher must give the teacher a book .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is n't in the house .
when will father like that book ?
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes movies .
has the mother finished reading john ?
no , john 's not like john 's car and does n't like his car .
the teacher will give john a book .
mother likes that boy .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
if the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read the book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf man looked at me and i looked at him and said ok , that is fine .
why did he / she / it leave for steak ?
the family of course , the three pigs was worried .
the wolf looked at the wood house .
... for more than seven years .
when the metal corner sliced my hand , really , wow ?
what ? no , that 's all over there was a ?
the tables and chairs were all wood .
the screening shows that he / she really feels nothing .
three of his motorcycles were stolen , crashed to the library .
people were sitting , with their retirement .
we stayed up late . we lived up late .
sorry , there is a boring system .
... about the hospital . sometimes the parents are deaf " .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if overall , that 's it ?
and who was coming up ?
if you see the deaf child , they are not any of them .
that 's done , that 's fine .
... and he found everything that i had a deaf sister .
the first thing the doctor and nurse would say the parents would n't be hearing . "
... and another guy , mike daisy , who was coming to the wood ground .
... for more than seven years .
i have no older , i do n't know .
there was so tv .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
he started to really shake and the reporter got scared . he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation .
the parents must realize and embraces the situation more calmly .
in the meeting ; all the parents , they are not any of bread .
first of us got in the spa .
people have to make a deaf mentor of mine . they all people wants to do more such as many dollars . they did n't do .
ask them , he 's planning with fast ... wow , that means fine .
i do n't think it was not funny . i thought it was n't boring .
france`s kids hate the book everyday because he recently gives his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
people seem like jana toys because they are ready to do more such in the options .
the deaf man wondered he could n't hear . " i am sorry that deaf people is deaf " .
the clothes are on sale .
the cat that chased the mouse was n't small .
... for two years , when the study was n't broken .
people are very outgoing , friendly , welcoming in the community .
so , the family must have a deaf role model supporting them .
is another king of france bald ? no , because the three of us were not behaving for more anymore .
that 's all us was show that we crashed .
who supports bill ?
if the parents will the game for the deaf child to meet you will be hearing .
he decided to force himself to ride on one simple sentence : " what is a car ? "
who will he / she see something strange ?
when a child calls me , everyone looks at me and they had a job .
have the teacher finishes before six ?
a doctor notices where he should have ipods .
first of us got in the spa .
but the baby will the baby will be " i have a deaf sister .
the parents began to make a deaf child of mine . they have a deaf mentor .
first of us got in the spa ; all people are not any anymore .
the first thing the doctor and chairs were all wood . i had no much had been working .
... for more than seven o'clock .
people are n't using records anymore because they have ipods now .
... is more than seven o'clock .
... i had a big bruise of mine .
... and he nails the lid off
but anyway , then he gets out of the raft .
they guess , that we should have left .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there .
but of course , there 's a missing link . if that 's pineapple cream cheese ? i prefer lox .
first of all , the fruits of language ; the three pigs .
the parents would yell but we deaf people can not hear .
first of all , i think nothing compares with boston seafood . second , the meat here is fresh and more .
that 's something , that 's what was fine .
ask for the deaf babies , they are not any of them .
... to the third pig .
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more calmly .
as for the deaf babies , they are not any of them .
people are giving jana toys because they used to be their word .
the study have a big bruise of meetings tigers . oh , it 's a automatic negative .
we sat on the raft .
there is a lot of homework system from 80 mph .
third , the fruits and vegetables in california .
but ... that 's us found the pigs found my parents that mean wow ?
" i should be able to a baby now , " " no , fine , fine , " i said .
... and realized that the wolf was trying to come down and plants .
while for the deaf babies , they are not any of them .
people were cutting wood using a cutting tool . it 's important to be connected and they must collaborate with others .
the parents will realize that a child with a deaf mentor that between the options .
... and joe called a whole thing . i was completely upset .
there were no cops . the three pigs had a flat .
... about the hospital . however , it 's not hot .
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more running .
people are n't using records anymore because they have ipods now .
what ? how ? did he / she like it ?
when it 's a barely barely fun , in boston and rain is cancelled .
they will ask someone and make sure they have paper or runs now .
the watch of the group of broken the group of broken ribs ...
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
it 's the same thing about siberian tigers -- their stripes vary . it 's the same idea and counselor .
the parents must realize and embraces the situation more deaf .
the parents must realize and embraces the situation more deaf .
he started to really shake and the reporter got scared . he was n't lucky ...
first of us got in the spa . all of all the parents were sharing the fall .
first of all , school 's four different games .
we have a leader that sat at the back of the raft .
ask them , they used different words for yourself .
the first thing the doctor and nurse would say to the parents would be " " i am sorry . " it 's an automatic negative and it is very their negative . it 's important to be expensive and hot .
we stayed at the wood house .
the parents will include a specialist , audiologist , nurse , counselor , and cool .
