does someone have a big event ?
did mother buy a book ?
does someone have a big event ?
what does the surprise party drink ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers watermelon .
did the teacher hit the book drink ? no , he is waiting .
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
the teacher made up each of the students .
did the game see ?
how many kids does phil have ?
the student is lousy .
who 's something ?
did the student buy a book yesterday ?
when someone arrived , there is an emergency .
has the teacher been reading the book ?
which , did someone hit the lottery ?
the teacher did n't .
he stays awake , and he stays up , drinking coffee .
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
how many kids does phil have ?
what 's how tennessee , john decided to play pinball .
what did someone put to the car ?
what 's how tennessee , john decided to play pinball .
when someone arrived , there is an emergency .
the students exchanged the movie but the student did n't .
what did mary finish reading the book ?
someone 's important to go out because he was waiting at home .
when someone arrived , there is an emergency .
the student is giving the teacher a book .
how many kids does phil have ?
the students contributed to read the book .
there are many story that deaf people can choose .
... i do n't know , it started with a k. .
he stays drinking cofffee .
the library got in the wood house .
has you seen joan ?
the birds are singing .
he removes the lid .
they have huge king , that 's it .
what kind of party is it ?
there is a better of beer .
the third shows that the baby was shining .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
the game had a big bruise near my eye . why ...
the birds are singing .
there were tents set up all over .
how many books will the students give the teacher ?
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher , i bought a movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father should give the car to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john just finished work when the lights went out .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave each student a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's name everyday .
which house will the student 's father buy ?
mother should buy a car .
should john give ( his ) father 's car ?
as for john 's car , i 've never seen ( it ) .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has not yet finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
in the class , john will buy a book .
mother will read the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must buy a car for mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
john has eaten a turkey sandwich .
as for john 's car , i 've never seen ( it ) .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
as for john 's car , i 've never seen ( it ) .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that afternoon john did n't be together .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john works until six o'clock .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not have a house .
john tends to play football . he 's lucky he forgot his license .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john tends to play football . he 's lucky he forgot his license .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did john see ( food ) ?
the students do n't like a movie .
does someone have money ?
i had a picture .
john used to run mary .
why does he / she / it like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
the birds are just upset .
who loves john ?
john should go .
why does he / she / it like chocolate ?
john used to take mary .
john is going to the movies .
who supports john ?
who did john see ( food ) ?
john is going to the movies .
john is giving the girl .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is giving the girl .
john is giving the girl .
is that car ?
is that car there ?
john is giving the girl .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
why is the only things clear ?
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that car is n't broken .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
( he / she ) shoots frank .
john is giving the girl .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone just bought a car .
i found my umbrella but we did n't care .
who supports new york ? ?
the car 's not broken .
why are john upset ?
who hates john ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
why are what about ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
john is just buying a house .
john at keys .
john shot him / her / it .
who did he / she see something ?
who arrived late ?
i have a picture , it was an honor .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to finish reading .
the car 's car 's car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to run every morning .
john used to take his keys .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone hates the car .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many cars did the do give to ?
the car did n't break down .
john arrived .
john is just in the house .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john used to be a football player . he was great !
i found my keys .
he removes the lid .
the student does n't like the movie .
john has just given mary .
... as for john , bill bawled him .
sue bought a car .
the car 's not broken .
the teacher is at the movies .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
john did n't buy the turkey .
why did the cop eat ?
the teacher arrived .
who failed the exam ?
john used to run every morning .
does someone have money ?
john 's mother who goes recently .
what did john buy a house ?
sue bought a car .
he removes the lid .
the library is / was cool .
the birds are just upset .
john has n't taken off for work when he realized he left his computer at home .
he removes the lid .
john used to run every morning .
john has a given ( his ) mother .
john is just able to play football .
then he will buy a book .
the teacher , i wish he / she / it will eat a mouse .
he / she really read that book , he / she is giving the book .
john is n't buying a house .
the parents in the child that s their child was good .
he / she really feels nothing ?
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes to read the book .
the teacher has finished reading the book .
that house is john 's mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother used to like chocolate .
john likes a car .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like to read but he / she does n't like to read .
it was like john 's house .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes to read but he / she does n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john is just given a house .
then that , the teacher finishes reading the magazine .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
when he does n't like that book , he / she will eat .
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes movies .
has you already given john chocolate ?
no , john 's father likes to read but he did .
there are many books john 's father .
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read the book .
will john give chocolate his mother chocolate ?
the deaf man said , " i warned you , fine , that i was n't deaf . "
what is that tv ?
we gave the bag over a lot of nevada , the hall coordinator .
the deer looked at me and said , " ok , he is lucky ! " .
... they can stop , and they have a choice of steak .
so , the family will learn in the dorm , well .
there are many things that far to understand .
we were cutting wood using a cutting tool .
why was he / she / it did n't decorate a whole lot , either . he was just average .
he had a reply back to the ride to his work . i had a bib 's body and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
people were getting more outgoing , friendly , welcoming in the shaking , and burned the resources , and he fell off the house .
we had a leader that we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
people are a good time . they both sat down .
the hearing person said , " still , we will march in the dorm . "
... that 's done , the study , who 's all years .
... and he fell off the handcuffs , and he fell off .
if he 's hard there , he will find the opportunity for a deaf school .
the screening shows that the baby was deaf .
... and he realized that the wolf was trying to come down the grief progress .
the hearing person said , " we must march into that end zone ... the hearing person arrived .
... about the whole thing . they both sat down and pen .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
i have never been to europe .
the family are on the farm .
the deer started to speed up to 90 .
the hearing person thought , " often seem not seem like the deaf person . deaf csun pageant .
... and realized that the wolf was trying to come down the chimney . " so he yelled . " wow , fine , " he took himself . "
the parents of the leader with deaf , where he decided about .
they have huge classes to get out of the options .
the pig said , " oh . which do you prefer ? " i said i wanted paper and pen , haha .
there are n't many things to do more fine . there 's a place that smell him did n't feel all of the library .
ask the parents , the child both tended to come on the grief progress . deaf csun pageant .
like that , i do n't have any money .
ask his king , the teacher both bike , sprained both people knee and pen , and burned the side of his face .
people are ready to make sure they have ipods in public , they have paper and pen ready .
the deaf person said , " really ? " as he looked at all ! "
the horses played on the farm .
the family got a lot of the steak , and he fell over .
take rodney king , for example . they had a good time for the long time . we were beat .
people are very outgoing . there was many different things . they all seemed giving jana toys .
so , the family began on the link from utah
when the metal corner sliced me , they did n't have to wait about a computer . the computer asks himself they walk together and pen .
there is an fine that story ? muhammad ali goes .
who supports new york ? ?
if it 's raining , the service is awful .
there are so eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
? what of ? what of ? is that ?
the study refused to get a lot trip when the metal corner were great . it 's ironic that us two stayed in .
the have has a full strike .
the hearing person thought , " no , it 's a missing negative . " . they both sat down and locked the door .
the hearing person said , " you know , i must have imagined things , " he said .
but he spit up the water , the wolf will go to the hospital .
people have a deaf mentor in boston a deaf , but people have a deaf mentor .
third locations had a cutting tool that the metal corner hit . the three pigs happily celebrated and danced .
the boat got a lot of beer everwhere , and people got off the raft .
the hearing person grew up ...
the library and groom danced at their wedding by picking their song .
the game said , " i 'm ready to sleep , that is fine .
the game said , " i 'm ready to eat the doctor . "
he stays out of the lid and pushed the coffin .
but it might be boring to understand better .
they have to send the bag to the hall coordinator .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat . it 's ironic that i was n't d- .
but , there is an research that i had a good time . but of all of the language , the meat did not away .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
the leader are in my major , deaf studies .
it 's important that the child signs . hospitals do n't use ' communication opportunities ' as well .
there is a research of australia .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
third , the fruits and vegetables in california .
most of us brought the groups to the hall coordinator .
the library in the city , are you hot .
people seem like not many things . they both sat .
the study had a big bruise near the hospital . can you imagine that ? well , we all sat at home .
after my trip , it was six days total . it was a lot of fun .
now france 's king is bald , have a better game .
ask the baby , for example , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
but that , my parents is been from philadelphia .
now well well , i will have to have a mcdonald 's mine there .
... and both people fell off the raft , and he fell off .
it 's not raining outside . oh , it 's not raining .
they have huge classes for the metal edge . they had a good time . we gambled . we had a bib on .
one of us went into the hospital .
the bride and groom danced at their wedding . it was a close thing and i was laughing .
there are a research of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
the leader runs on the fire and it grew .
the parents of the leader with deaf professionals would drive across the country .
the wolf lied and got the situation with a deaf mentor . he slowly built the house .
what happens who happens chocolate , gets water ?
when it happens to rain a lot , who is really cancelled . it could be a big log on the game . oh , it 's an honor . oh , it 's an honor .
it was close by , twenty minutes away from seven o'clock .
they say the group that the metal corner hit . he has had a total of gas .
he pries open each corner .
it 's important that the child must have to wait about the grief progress . wow .
deaf , the deaf man said but he warned how you have an deaf brother . "
the parents began to burn the parents and gestured that he could n't hear .
he / she can communicate and write a lot . he / she can work and pen .
... anyway , we will have to wait for the cop to arrive again . we had a good time . we were awake .
it 's important to be better today because they have a good time . it 's a guarantee that school will be closed .
we had a leader of been south to new york .
the horse runs on the farm because they all people were exhausted ...
the parents would realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , we are missing the link of connection between the parents and it grew .
we , deafies , went to maine as the age of the deaf pig was very scared .
but in the la area , they are not any sewer .
