i was in the car .
mother bought a book . when he bought a book yesterday .
i was in the car .
i was in the boat .
yesterday bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found a book .
the teacher gave a book .
did the student have bought a car yesterday ?
the book gave the reading the student .
why did you see something ?
something is someone 's arrived .
the student is now .
he / she saw something .
mother bought yesterday .
someone arrived and arrived .
the teacher gave a book .
the hearing man dropped a car .
the teacher gave the book .
i do n't want a bunch .
the teacher bought a house .
something is something strange .
the hearing man stopped a car .
the cop pulled a car .
the hearing man stopped a car .
someone arrived and arrived .
the teacher is in the teacher to the teacher .
what did the baby give the teacher ?
i was in the motorcycle . the deaf man ran up .
someone arrived and arrived .
the student is in the book .
someone arrived here here .
the student gives the book to the teacher .
that deaf people have different things .
that act that i wanted to the early person .
people actions work .
there is now to be the party .
i two clothes .
the sun are in the exit .
what 's the same man ?
he / she / it in the future .
one was one of the ones .
that 's that ? "
the waitress are in the motorcycle .
i was under the ones of himself one of the ways .
the next man was full , but i was full .
as i do n't know , he / she / it .
some words were in the door .
the book will give the student to the student .
the teacher is in the movie .
she finished the movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has the student ) ) ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give john to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother in the future .
john did n't know how there is john to read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the teacher , which book , he is .
why does father buy a book ?
what did john read the book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john , mary father must have a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give a car .
john did never see me .
that book john finished reading that book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give a car to the car .
john finished reading the book .
john must be more information , he would read the book .
many books john will buy .
will mother read the book ?
when did john read the book ? yes , he did john read reading the book .
john 's father have to give a car .
which house is the student father buying a house ?
what did john read the book about ?
after the class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has the student ) ) ?
john did n't break reading the book .
john did never see me .
when did john read the book ?
john read the book .
mother in the future .
john did never see me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book john finished reading that book .
when did john read the book ? yes , he did john read reading the book .
john father have to give a car .
that book john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother in the future .
when will john read the book ?
john finished reading the book .
i have father given a car to john .
mother should not have bought that car .
mother did n't buy a house .
john shows out the test , deaf , and i had read the book .
mother in the future .
has john read reading the book ?
john shows out the test , deaf , and i had read the book .
john finished reading the book .
john bought yesterday ? what did john buy yesterday ?
whose john saw ( john .
the student has imagined .
someone has imagined the student .
women arrived women .
john is giving the umbrella .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car and started a car .
john bought yesterday . what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the hit yesterday , who mary .
who loves john ?
john should go to the movies .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , whose friend is that .
john went to the movies .
who told the rose .
whose john saw ( john .
john went to the movies .
john knows john .
john loves loves .
john is going to john .
john knows john .
john knows john .
whose , whose car is that ?
is that john 's father ?
john knows john .
john loves ( he / she ) .
as for china , the three people prefers .
john loves ( john .
he is in the car .
that john right over there .
that ) john is father 's father .
as for john , mary loves .
that 's new to the new car .
john knows john .
that 's father 's father 's ) .
john loves loves .
john is in the car .
whose arrived ?
is someone stolen ?
i found a bunch .
who told the rose .
the new man broke down .
no , the woman arrived here .
who john loves ?
john bought ( ( yesterday .
something is something that women arrived .
sue bought a car and started a car .
john bought ( ( yesterday .
john 's old and ( yesterday .
john 's brother arrived .
john went on the pain .
who did he / john see ?
who arrived ?
" i arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car and started a car .
john loves ( john ) .
john gave books .
frank , his ) is broken .
is that car a week sue ?
john likes mary .
john is a story of the book .
john went to the library .
john bought yesterday ? what did john buy yesterday ?
someone was stolen .
john used to the men .
who did john see ?
is that car that car ?
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
if it 's so his book ) ?
it 's frank down .
john was so arrived .
john gives the reading man .
john read the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the men to the new tail .
i found someone .
what did he / john ) loves ?
one student is someone stolen .
as for john , who mary did john see .
as for the bill yesterday ?
sue bought a car and started a car .
the new man broke down .
a woman has a book .
john gives his men , he is in la .
john bought ( ( yesterday .
what did john like john ?
he has a book .
whose parents prefers a barbeque ?
john is a story of the book .
someone arrived here .
john 's mother arrived whose mother arrived .
john bought what to the book .
sue bought a car and started a car .
what did he / john ) loves ?
the name gave the name .
as for the hit yesterday , who mary .
john have an bunch of ) .
what did he / john ) loves ?
john is a story of the book .
john has an bunch of ) .
john is a story of reading something .
in the future , he will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot books .
he ca n't finish the book to give the book to the teacher .
john is in the book .
my parents gave the book , so many books .
he loves reading the car about the car .
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house right right .
how many cars has the teacher been car to john .
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine now .
as for john , he 's mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is chocolate , john yesterday .
john likes a car .
john does n't like the movie .
the student likes chocolate .
he likes that , john , i have parkinson .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
no , the teacher likes to give movies .
the teacher finished in the house .
john is in the motorcycle .
she gave a magazine later to read the book .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should n't have bought a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
in the future , he likes that book .
the teacher in the car .
mother likes movies .
john finished reading john chocolate .
in the father , john likes john .
many books john 's father 's father .
mother likes the book .
john , in the future , he gave chocolate .
the teacher finished reading the magazine in the future .
john will give chocolate to the mother .
the deaf man said , but i did n't have been hearing .
that likes that hearing today .
really , it was precisely behind the values to give to the bathroom man .
i have a hearing transfer , so he did .
i decided to be comfortable , so the college or never college .
so , when he gets the opportunity of deaf professionals , deaf , and he did n't know what to do .
whose , whose friend is that he / she is .
i had a lot of fun , so i said , so i said , " i said , " you know , you have a bigger mind .
he felt that he / she is that he / she is that he / she is .
the deaf mother would be in the fall .
people ca n't have a good mentor , but the one was that .
we have an big idea to mean .
it must even be an emergency .
he would be in the voices of the sports clothes .
that means to the culture of the culture , it means to be a voice of the door body .
he would be going to see that ? " he said , "
if he is a deaf mentor , he is growing .
that identified it is that he is deaf .
the deaf man started to really slow .
the time is n't broken . the deaf accident did n't have left the deaf career .
i had a big door .
... for example to new york .
how i was was confident , i do n't know , i do n't know .
so , after la , the clothes is in the different library .
i was in the speed .
he identified the opportunity that there is a deaf mentor .
so , i have been able to give a lot of information in the people .
he showed a letter , " you know , you ca n't have a hearing mentor .
what did he / she / it commute to the car ?
a lot of information in the summer , " are you going to catch the parents ?
many people were going to the baseball invention .
the hearing man said , " are you watching a good distance ? " he said , " are for a good distance , hearing or something .
i did n't even have a opportunity . i was in the list of time .
i used to go the movie to the movies . when they change , they have to join the voices .
people are in the phone , who respects a hearing phone .
the deaf man came in the deaf person .
for the deaf person , he is deaf .
so , the other of course is that he / she have been ?
for example , some places down to the road and a strong little .
people in that major library often have an deaf mentor to meet a deaf library .
so , that 's me is on the email .
they belong to the movie . i was n't broken in the movie .
that happened .
whose parents loves ?
you know that he / she is on a house .
the parents saw ( john to see a student for dinner .
whose , what 's it ? my culture is that ?
i was a good job , or i have a good time of mine " .
they have finished up in the system .
he came about the reason of the lid .
i ca n't even care through the voices .
but , the deaf person dropped up .
people were in the motorcycle of the deaf people .
there would be a close role to his room .
" i did n't want to tell me . " i said , " oh , " oh . "
different experiences belong with means .
you know , i used to use that i had the right deaf people .
the deaf person suggest , " oh , you suggest .
i was in the idea of how far language .
what did they see it ?
but may even important in the different community .
what two different directions .
that kind of all , the culture would have parkinson allowed .
but you are giving the use of the hearing person . he has picked the use of the hearing deal .
as for the deaf man , i have been hearing !
he started to speed a motorcycle .
the idea of still more than different different degrees .
that forgot the experiences , muhammad people , it must be cancelled .
as for the past , they used to the bathroom .
of course , the library is sitting .
most , i do n't know , there is made of intervening about it .
in the nearby man wrote , he is sitting .
people are not the only white language .
i had a real mentor of one number . i was still going to the library .
it was a lot of friends to the road in general .
now she talked about the sports library .
she had become a same deal of mine .
but for the hit , the two of us looked on .
now i had a b of the sports letter .
and more , it is how she is deaf in the world .
as for the world , the world is n't allergic .
the parents had his / she opened , " you 're in the voices .
some of the options is more or something , but it has an choice of link .
and they had a bunch of more miles but i got on .
they know , " i do n't know it identified it .
it is because i do n't have a barbaric sister .
the hit man made , " make it ? "
they make a court of a big of us made ahead and saw me an kind of progress .
who makes a court that makes me that he / she bought a kind of car .
there were a party of friends to hit the his store .
or they will give someone the wrong slow .
he showed in the people of the letter .
the clothes of the group of the reading coordinator .
she would ask his of the options , wow , and his of she flew and his of she flew .
a deaf of a deaf progress grew , but i did n't even have to see more but not do it .
the deaf man showed me a deaf person .
he would make a lot of heights , well , it 's gross .
the study was from high school to the dark .
the la is in the motorcycle of the study .
we were in the two clothes from growing language .
he also came a specialist .
there was always a close on the trunk , he looks up .
the deaf people admit , " are you big words ?
i had a big link of time to the movies .
