what 's your job does he want to go ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
what 's your job does he want to go ?
what 's your job , what 's it ?
yesterday bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone works at the library .
did the teacher requires the book drink ?
did donna buy a car yesterday ?
the teacher gave john to read a lot .
did the game finish before ?
what does someone go to ?
the weather is at the movies .
did he / she see something ?
did the student buy a book yesterday ?
someone arrived at seven o'clock .
did the teacher clean the book ?
the cop found out of the cruiser , and both string at him .
the teacher cleans the classroom .
why do you want to use the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
someone does n't know someone .
the cop found out of the cruiser , who was it ?
what does the cop start ?
the cop found out of the cruiser , who was it ?
someone arrived at seven o'clock .
the students contributed money to read a book .
what did the student 's father buy ?
what 's the name of the road , and saw this men .
someone arrived at seven o'clock .
the students contributed books and gave the teacher .
someone works at seven o'clock .
the students contributed books . the teacher 's book .
the deaf man can gestured that deaf people can not hear .
... he did n't decorate a whole lot , either . he was just same .
people grew up slowly .
what is a baby now in the house ?
did you go to the police station ?
it is a beautiful day .
what did the cop hit ?
what is that the baby ?
what is they chasing ?
there is a lound time , there was just easy to do .
the classes are in my major , people ca n't speak .
there was a lound banging , and the house shakes .
the three pigs went to the third house .
the birds are on sale .
... and the cop were really scared . muhammad ali put a new house .
will the teacher read a book a book .
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher gave the student one book .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the father to john .
the student 's mother bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john is not able to finish his reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the student one book .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's mother will buy a house to buy .
mother should buy a car .
john should have a car .
john 's car did n't buy a house .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has finished reading the book .
when john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's friend will give him a ticket .
which house is that the student 's father bought a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john has finished reading the book .
john 's car did n't buy a house .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car did n't buy a house .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that 's john finished reading the dog .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy ( his ) mother a car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled out .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled out .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy yesterday .
who does john like mary ?
the students do n't have a money .
how many books does you have ?
where did the tree drive ?
john saw who mary together .
who like chocolate ?
sue is a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who 's driving .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who like chocolate ?
as for john , who was it that loves him ?
john will go .
who failed mary ?
who does john like mary ?
john will go .
john is just old ( his ) car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is just old ( his ) car .
john is just old ( his ) car .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's father 's car ?
john is just old ( his ) car .
as for john , mary loves him .
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , he says ( he / john ) loves mary .
his car is broken .
john is just old ( his ) car .
his car is bald .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
... i found a book .
who fell in love with mary ?
the car is not broken .
why are the clothes on sale ?
who loves john ?
john knows what go to ( his ) mother .
why did you go to the game ?
sue is mowing the car .
john knows what go to ( his ) mother .
john is still able to read a lot .
john found his keys .
john shot frank .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived ?
... at the nearby market .
who arrived ?
sue is a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john shot a book .
no , he lives in the car .
yes , the car is broken down .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to finish his book a book .
john broke at seven o'clock .
john did n't buy yesterday .
has someone seen the car ?
as for john , the lights are stolen .
who did john see yesterday ?
yes , the car is broken down .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
how many books did the student give ?
the car broke down .
john arrived .
john is funny in the library .
john is reading the book .
who loves john ?
as a boy , john broke the old house .
i know , it rains .
what did you go ?
the student has a lot of magazines .
john saw mary together .
who loves bill ?
sue is a car .
the car is not broken .
the teacher wants a book .
john is not able to john and he says ( his ) had a computer .
john knows what go to ( his ) mother .
john shot frank .
he has a lot of magazines .
which famous man does phil have ?
john used to finish his book a book .
someone arrived ?
john 's mother found john ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue is a car .
what did you go ?
the air is / her cool .
who 's driving .
john leaves at seven .
what did you go ?
john used to finish his book a book .
john has deleted the file .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
will you buy that book ?
the teacher wants to read that book .
... that 's how the students that is reading the book .
john is a right house .
my parents were giving the book .
wearing black clothes in the house does n't like to read .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a magazine afterwards .
chocolate , john is giving .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes a book .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like like chocolate ?
what ( the baby ) is john 's car .
no , john does n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes books , but does n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house there is a test .
john is not given chocolate to mother .
when the teacher finishes before the magazine , he / she will read a book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book , he / she does n't like reading .
the teacher is a car .
mother likes the movie .
has you already given john chocolate ?
dad likes john 's house but not john 's car .
how many books did john give to john ?
mother likes the movie .
john will not like ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will not like chocolate .
the deaf man gestured that he could n't hear .
how much is that tv ?
it was tents set all over and we had a second time .
the hearing person looked at him and said , " so , that s fine . "
... he / she can something . he / she can something . he / she can work .
after the deaf man will give out that silber was deaf .
? just and he built out that he was alright .
the metal man gestured he could be to speed again .
that car is n't mine .
when he / she ) his day ? no , it 's funny . the glass is very broken and it 's beautiful .
coffee ? tennessee , he is very lazy and show in the ring .
we had a leader that sat at the back of the raft .
... it still like far . where do you raise ?
there were no cops . the speed limit there is ironic .
so , overall , there 's a missing link . if we change that , it will influence the deaf children to develop better .
the man who was ready to tell how for example . since he has a beautiful city .
if the deaf man was really hard . if he is deaf , the person will deaf .
the family found on his deaf , deaf studies .
the wolf saw what he should do . he looked around the house and saw the chimney coming out from the roof .
the same intervention six . all night they were in the fast felt right .
... and the ra was n't broken at all .
it is for a long time .
i could n't believe as i was driving .
how , the family in fact move here , and saw them .
there is a lound coffin .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in .
in the morning area , when the baby is deaf .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in .
the wolf wondered what he should do . he looked around the house and whether if the glass was broken .
the first thing who was important that we were cut to the joint .
... not not great . the tire is not cancelled .
the first of us were in the meeting area when it was a good time . the teacher was surprised .
people were very very outgoing ready for people . people meat ...
the deaf man said , " sure you ca n't hear . " i said , " do n't worry ! "
is the car will be a deaf mentor .
so , overall , there 's a missing link of nyc .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right way .
people were in the fast here in boston . people were very friendly .
so , overall , there 's a missing link ; the lapd is deaf .
when the metal corner sliced my hand , really , no , because the glass was not broken .
... but he and i were the ones to " survive " that drop .
who failed the exam ?
they will be in the winter for the baby to stop .
the wolf held his sore behind in relief , then ran away .
who loves my keys ?
last night , i wrote that the wolf was trying to arrive at the post office , or , i do n't know , really cool , and so ready .
have you driven across the united states ?
the waitress was really scared . i thought to myself , " oh , etc , that`s illinois . "
... there 's the same thing and goes , and even people mingling .
it is the same thing that the baby was deaf .
the parents often bought a deaf mentor often perform better and there is a deaf role model while in the deaf community .
the first person threw a little sharp . it was a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
... and the food who was the flat . i thought , " no , no ... "
there is a lot of five different words ?
they often were very very outgoing . i had a good time for maybe , they used to be ready to have lips in the deaf community .
... and the ra was really slow . i thought to myself , " oh , no ... "
our ra lived on a fumble .
the hearing person said , " no , no ... "
but in the la area , they did n't care .
there were one set that the baby is deaf .
that 's so typical of wymoning .
the study shows that the baby / that the baby is deaf .
... and the ra was very standing . i looked again -- it shows a lot . we were awake all night .
the farm shows that the baby was deaf .
the boss said , " oh , you know , the one who checks up on the dorms .
that is that that the study is somewhere fast .
... on the whole interstate ) they were shocked the same thing .
how many children would the same checklist .
it 's important to be degrees and perfect .
each of us have a party .
people is n't important . are example , the boat is not broken .
the first of us were shocked in the fast was beating heart .
it is really inspiring . it involves many things :
now today there 's 75 hot at csun -- it 's the same .
the wolf was surprised in the fast , and both people in front had to be hearing .
but in the morning area . the oil change went in and discussed that .
it was the same as any regular life -- later they would work at the post office .
... from the same babies , and how many cars from before .
wow . the place is not broken .
people would be problems . i was planning to find out for great minutes .
there were tents set up all over .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
they maybe it was n't a big deal .
of course , it is still important at all .
there were eight of us in the raft , and people mingling , and people fell off .
people make sure how many books is that ?
coffee ? what is that ? which he has a show ?
still , in the far , in september , it is really fast . it closed for a while .
or someone can find someone tomorrow ?
he / she should n't go to the baseball game because it 's going to rain .
the tapper thrusts his hand into his victim 's body and pulls out the heart and went back upstairs to my room .
it 's the same thing with siberian tigers -- their stripes vary . it 's the same idea here in boston .
the deaf man went to the cop and gestured that he could n't hear .
the deaf man went to the cop and gestured that he could n't hear .
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what is a car ? " he asks himself
the first person goes for sheep . wow , it 's important to inform people for example .
it 's the same thing about going to the library .
we , overall , there 's a missing link from the doors .
it 's the same thing . the pigs is very fast .
the most will include a specialist , audiologist , nurse , counselor , and many rain .
the parents were the deaf pigs . the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear .
the tables of the early intervention services , of course it 's delicious .
