does someone put the lottery ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
does someone put the lottery ?
what 's your job ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
has someone seen the library ?
did the teacher hate the book ?
did mother buy a car ?
the teacher works at the book .
should the cop finish before ?
someone does n't know the answer .
the the student is going to the student to read .
did the cop be ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
someone arrived late .
has the teacher finished reading the book ?
does someone buy the lottery ? no , it does n't .
the teacher is not in the movies .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
someone prefers watermelon .
does someone buy the lottery ? no , it does n't .
what kind of car does he want to go ?
does someone buy the lottery ? no , it does n't .
someone arrived late .
the movie , the teacher is lousy .
what did the party start at the book ?
what kind of car did he buy ?
someone arrived late .
the students exchanged books , but the students do n't .
has someone seen joan ?
the student gave the teacher a book .
the deaf man said , " sure , that 's fine .
... i do n't know , there started with a k. it 's a long word , that deaf ...
the air day .
there was many different options .
did you go to the police station ?
the clothes are on sale .
he removes the cover back on .
that 's because i was very upset .
there was a story of five everwhere old .
but anyway i was sitting ...
the classes enjoyed on the farm .
there was a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
there was a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
the clothes are on sale .
the reporter asked muhammad ali we were ready , ...
the teacher gives ( the book .
the teacher is a big advisior .
the teacher liked a book .
why bought many books did father buy ?
how many books has the students read so far ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give the father to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finishes his reading the book , he will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student must give the book a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln .
mary must give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's going to buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car did n't buy a house .
that 's something finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father bought a house to buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has the students read so far ?
john has finished reading the book .
john 's car did n't buy a house .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car did n't buy a house .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that 's now that john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john will give ( his ) mary .
that 's something finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't have to buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy yesterday .
who see mary ?
the student has a little bit .
someone has a party .
the cop arrived on .
john got back and mary .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought the yesterday yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who voted for mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , who was it that loves him ?
john will go .
who failed mary ?
who see mary ?
john will go .
john found ( his ) mother .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john found ( his ) mother .
john found ( his ) mother .
whose car is that ?
is that car there any father 's bought ?
john found ( his ) mother .
as for john , mary loves him .
the cop are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was that whose car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
who was a car ?
john found ( his ) mother .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
has someone seen the car ?
she found a ( a book .
who supports mary ?
no , the car is broken .
why are they chasing me ?
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
why is they chasing me ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
john is a king now house .
john found his keys .
john watches ( the sack .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
... at the nearby market .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john likes the book .
no , he 's mother arrived .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to finish his books .
john broke the window .
john did n't buy yesterday .
has someone seen the grocery store ?
john just found his keys .
who see john ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
who voted the book ?
no , the car is broken .
john arrived .
john made ( the book .
john is reading the book .
who loves john ?
john is a doctor about his life house .
... i worked all day .
what did the cop hit me ?
the student has a big tank of gas .
john know who mary loves .
who voted mary ?
sue bought a car .
no , the car is broken .
she has a party .
john is a doctor about his friend , he says .
john did n't buy the turkey .
in the future .
she has a teacher .
who prefers dark meat ?
john used to finish his books .
has someone seen joan ?
as for john 's mother , who was it ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
what did the cop hit me ?
the air is broken .
who voted for mary ?
john has deleted the file .
what did the cop hit me ?
john used to finish his books .
john has deleted the file .
john used to play football because the lights went out .
will you buy the book ?
the teacher wants the reading required . the teacher was surprised .
so , it 's not to read the book .
john is a doctor right now .
my parents wanted to book that book so far .
wearing black clothes in the summer does he / she / it loves a lot ?
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
chocolate , is john 's mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes the movie .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like reading but does n't like reading .
it does n't like a car .
no , john does n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does n't like movies .
the teacher likes to read but not movies .
the teacher is eating in the house .
john is not visiting chocolate .
of course , it has been a good friend .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if will father like that ?
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes movies .
has john finished reading the book ?
dad likes john but does n't like john ?
like many books did john give to john ?
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes out the test , he will read the book .
john will read the book .
the deaf man gestured he could n't hear .
how much , that 's how wymoning .
... really , vince lombardi has the stitching about the end of his worst experiences .
the hearing person looked at him and said , " so , you seem welcome , too .
... he / she has something , so far .
that 's on on the area , the lapd will learn and whether during the situation .
whose lombardi , who was that ?
the deaf man was driving and thought he could n't hear .
that thing , the hospital is broken . i was relieved !
today was no enough to find out of the cruiser .
ali was disappointed and show in the fast ; he knew that he looks funny .
we had a leader that sat at the back of the raft .
of course , it 's your turn to play again .
there were no waiters ... the speed in the back , and the same thing .
... that 's how typical of how wymoning .
... that 's kind of who has the running back from before ,
if a deaf role , he has a deaf advisior .
that 's all chasing the way , that 's all .
the hearing man said who we would like to call for a second opinion .
the first of us were six and us were not cut to find out into the video clip of car .
they would cause problems through our great years .
it is for a total time .
no , i was nt sure .
so , the family in fact move here , so far .
there was a lound banging , and the house shakes .
the deaf person was farther more angry . here that it had a big deal .
so , fine . the cop said he was safe , so he got up .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
it was the same as the boat is in shock .
we stayed on the bag to the early coordinator . it could be rainy , like many seasons .
the doctors often would say " we can discuss the grief progress . here 's the social worker that it seems like they were intervening .
the first of us were getting important all day ! oh well , because i got a cigarette , it was important to have coffee or something .
but , the rain is n't broken at all .
first of all , the teacher was really scared . it had a big log it was a close day and it was ironic for us to move away .
people who are very very outgoing . second , the meat man checks up and danced .
deaf people do n't care and just hear the deaf person .
is the deaf man , i have a deaf sister .
so , overall , the family will learn giving the deaf thing .
... for sure , they will have to wait for the cop to arrive .
people were very very outgoing in general .
... and that 's how on the stitching .
... and another guy , his wife is not broken where they would work at the post office .
that 's now that i went to new york
who failed the exam ?
they will be creative , to make sure you 're comfortable .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
who loves my keys ?
last night , i wrote to take the bag and tan .
have you met the football ?
the waitress was really scared . it had a close call , it was as if she had a cold or something .
it 's the same thing as in chess it 's dry .
but , the study is really big .
the parents often will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , we are looking at the deaf mentor .
the first of us were shocked to find out of the cruiser , and both people mingling .
last night , i went to the bathroom in the public .
" you never know if he 'll have to wait for a while . "
they would cause problems for the night to get ready to have ready for more than seven years .
i was disappointed and raised through the end of his retirement .
hey , i was very upset .
the cop said , " no ... "
but , of course i could n't do that .
that 's , the service was really unpredictable .
that 's so typical of wymoning .
so , the study is really big , you know , the one who checks up .
... was stuck under the boat and could not breathe for a while .
it was important to escape the big storm . wow -- the city is broken .
first of us were shocked to compare all day all day .
that 's something on story .
of course , it 's a big difference socially .
that first night we were in florida .
most of us were shocked to compare for example .
each of the raft , it was important to have an opportunity to do .
people 's not ready . are example , the city is broken .
the first of us were six and half . it was a lot of fun and a half years old .
four of his players , really , really far .
it 's eleven day , but today .
... and another guy , his motorcycles had been living where they were for more than seven years .
but , the family have to be " survive " .
in the morning , when i was a junior and a half years old old , but ...
... here , here in the deaf babies .
wow , it do n't rain .
they would cause problems for our ra , residence counselor .
one of us told the reporter ; the reporter was worried .
... and another guy , mike daisy and two equals right .
they could n't be out if i do n't know , it started with a k. it 's a long word , that 's something .
it was important to rain , so that`s when my computer moved right .
the house was really big , it was a strong brick house .
people were very upset . are that meat ?
cool ? which lombardi does he want to ?
again , there were the only thing in the back , and the leaves fall up , and the same coordinator .
... or anywhere , we should have to wait for the cop to arrive .
he made ( the whole accident ) on tape . it 's the same worker .
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
it 's the same thing in boston . it 's the same idea here in boston .
deaf , the deaf man said whether deaf people can read deaf .
the deaf role model how we had a deaf advisior .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like one simple things .
the first thing the doctor and nurse would say to the parents that i was sorry for going to the bathroom in the public .
it started to rain , so that`s when the leaves change was going to stop degrees .
that first night we were involved , so we said .
they , would be out if i was deaf , too .
first of all , the sun is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , hot , cold or cool .
the deaf person said , " make sure not to pee in the deaf community .
the study is a big bit brownish because of too much .
