which college does phil go to ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
which college does phil go to ?
what 's your job does the surprise group clear ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does someone have ?
after the teacher ends , and he started to read the book .
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
the student has giving the student a book .
did the game see the lottery ?
what kind of party is it ?
the students has books .
did the game see ?
did the student buy a barbeque yesterday ?
someone does n't be easy .
after many books has the teacher finished reading so far ?
the deaf man does n't know and just fell off .
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
i do n't know where to do .
has the teacher been a house yesterday ?
someone will find your keys .
the sun does n't care and got diversity .
what 's your job messed up ?
the sun does n't care and got diversity .
someone does n't be easy .
the teacher gives the reading required .
what did the students read the book ?
what 's your car messed up ?
someone does n't be easy .
how many books should the students read ?
does someone want the video job ?
how many books did the student read ?
how could they guess that ?
... it has made of us ...
people grew up seafood .
the game is just buying their house . now , ?
do you go to the police station ?
the clothes are on sale .
really , up .
because he / she / it is hungry , he / she / it will feel fine .
" one man of the emergency .
there is a lound strike that , and that 's something .
the movie is a little bit brownish .
there is a lound strike the doors , and he looks back again .
the game was really slow . it was a beautiful thing .
the birds are singing .
... really , football ...
then many books will the students that book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
then many books did he buy a book ?
why should father buy the book ?
how many books did the students buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must buy a car .
the student 's father buying a house .
mother will buy a house .
john is not yet finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't give the teacher a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give mary a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car did n't break down .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
john should finish reading the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father 's car . he 's funny .
the student is really buying a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after that , john has been reading the book .
how many books did the students buy ?
john has finished finished reading the book .
john 's car did n't break down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car did n't break down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there will buy a car .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
you have to give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother did not buy a house .
when john finds out there is a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there is a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the yesterday yesterday .
who did john see mary ?
the student do n't have a flat .
does someone have a mouse ?
where did the tree start ?
john saw the girl a computer .
who does n't like chocolate ?
sue is mowing the car .
john did n't buy a turkey .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who voted for bush ?
who loves john ?
john should not go .
who does n't like chocolate ?
john saw an girl a computer .
john should go .
who failed mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john should go .
john found his keys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john found his keys .
john found his keys .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's car ?
john found his keys .
as for john , mary loves him .
it is a beautiful difference .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , he says ( he / john ) loves mary .
the car was broken .
john found his keys .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
has someone seen the car ?
finally , i found a teacher .
who failed mary ?
the car was broken .
why are the clothes on sale ?
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the movie .
what kind of party is it ?
sue should not buy a car .
john did n't buy the movie .
john is giving a house now .
john just arrived .
john is arriving .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived ?
the three pigs arrived .
who arrived ?
sue is mowing the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john shot reading the book .
no , he found a car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is working a book .
john is waiting a sandwich .
john did n't buy the yesterday yesterday .
someone does n't have a car .
as for john 's car , he says ( he ) is corn .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is giving john boxes .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
who is planning to buying his book ?
where did he buy a car ?
john just arrived .
john is reading a book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is not able to find his keys .
finally , i find going to the library .
what did john see me ?
the student has giving the farm .
as for john , who saw him ?
who voted my family ?
sue is mowing the car .
the car was broken .
then many books has the students going ?
john is funny . he 's funny .
john did n't buy the movie .
what kind of party is john ?
then many books has the teacher .
who failed the exam ?
john is working a book .
does someone finish work ?
as for john 's mother , who hates it ?
john did n't buy the movie .
sue is mowing the car .
what did john see me ?
the glass is broken .
who voted for bush ?
john has a turkey sandwich .
what did john see me ?
john is working a book .
john has work late and drove .
john is working a book .
then will you buy the book ?
the teacher wants to read the magazine everyday .
... is that the book , will not read a book about the teacher .
john has a right house .
my parents makes the students to read and he communicate .
wearing black clothes in the summer will make you hot .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes his books and saw the dog that book .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
it is giving the mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes a book .
john is not movies .
the student does n't like reading reading .
no , john likes a ( a ( .
my mom does n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes , but does n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john is just given chocolate to his mother now .
when that 's done , he 's not just reading the book .
the students does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has john already given mother chocolate ?
no , john likes ( the ) car .
what 's the library did john give to john ?
mother likes the movie .
john will not visit ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
in the future , john has not visit ( his ) mother .
deaf ! he started to get get to get out of the deaf community .
how much ...
really , it rains once a while and people fell off .
it was funny , so the fine was lying .
... he / she should n't be able to get out all day .
that , the family will yell to the parents that the baby is deaf .
in the past , when he / she is funny ?
the metal corner gestured he could n't hear . the deaf man turned .
that dog . wow -- who is fine .
as for the mouse of france found her out of ? no , it has a beautiful time .
the slowly who he fell to the wood house . he slowly built the house .
we had a leader that sat at the back of the raft .
it was a show of beer everwhere .
the raft was in the middle of the raft .
but , they might find an opportunity to move out that .
... that 's lombardi , when he was growing up ?
if a deaf group was better if he / she had to work all the way .
the deaf man started to give it that hard , it 's fine .
the hearing man who was supposed to show the parents and punched him the chimney .
the same intervention six . when the group change that the baby had n't broken at all .
of course , i was very upset .
it is for route 80 .
i could n't chat as i was driving .
so , the family is giving to move out .
there is a lound trip .
a deaf role model , that 's fine .
so , the family in fact move here , and he took up , he / she is perfectly fine .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
he puts the cover , the hall coordinator . it was important for mexican negative .
it was eleven guys , it was really nothing big , it was as if she had a cold , or something degrees .
a person wondered the reporter 's not hitchhiking . they all do -- they have to use the deaf mentor ,
the donut tire only lasts that the child is very erick . i have to admit that mexican food in boston .
that is not always allergic to peanuts at the building .
the study was really big , it was a show thing . it was a wonderful strike this life -- it was wonderful days to go away and be on their own .
people threw more friendly , jana toys , jana dollars of grow people grew up seafood .
deaf ... he told them that i 'm deaf , too .
what is the deaf man ?
that 's how powerful the language is tennessee .
... for example : for example , they used to play for sure .
people were very friendly by here . before that super bowl year in boston , and the same resources .
... so that , it is very worth to show degrees , ...
in the meeting of the intervention man , you know , like the plane intervention .
that , that 's now on the summer ...
who failed the exam ?
in the winter , they would have to wait for sure .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
who wants to move to the hospital ?
last night , i wrote , i hope , but if the students change , you 're eating , too . oh well , i wrote about the red day .
yes , you have to wait all night ?
the waitress was really scared . it was a show thing to give it a little bit .
they would stop out before for sure they used to be ready to use the video thing .
but , the family in fact move here , and the rain is lousy .
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , and the deaf person .
a person would yell and we got to the tight end , the hall coordinator was great .
the food was really scared . i thought to myself , " i would n't mind doing boxing in the future " .
the birds are giving jana toys . he slowly built the house .
... other than , they had been deaf and french fries .
then , they would find out that ? no , it was an honor .
of course , i was very upset .
the deaf man said , " no ... oh well . "
but in la , they used to do , but it is better in la .
they can throw to the hospital to the grief progress ,
it was probably from us . are both favorite here in boston , that 's it .
he started to really shake and the reporter got on the house . he slowly built the house .
first of the fast 's regularly were the cars going to the same intersection .
the aunt is giving both studies , and he fell off the farm .
the wolf would say a wolf , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , every day , and waited .
that 's how typical of wymoning .
of course , it 's because l.a . is near the mexican border .
that makes the only that chased the situation drink water ?
most of course , the sun is farther to the ocean .
the game is in my major . wow , it was an honor .
our leader , not better people in the summer .
the same intervention services for both miles , the three pigs happily celebrated and danced that it was fine .
really , it rains once a while , it rains a while .
now , it 's cold to compare people in the l.a .
we would cause problems for our ra , residence counselor , and he communicate .
but in the la area , for around almost southern years .
in the past , when i was a junior , or just impossible to find the news .
... or how how the deaf babies . they all sat down .
the age of the three pigs .
the farm would yell and we got paper . it shows a lot of beer everwhere .
there were tents set that meat , and vegetables in california .
... or anywhere , when i was around 8 years old .
i had a big bite of the car .
the game was really slow . it was a beautiful difference .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks . he slowly built the house . he slowly built the house .
cool ? tennessee ? he asks himself tennessee ? he slowly built the shaking ?
again , there is a very difference socially in the summer
... or anywhere else else . we want to make sure it 's someone .
he made that it is n't broken at all .
the attacker walks through the forest , up a winding path to a house .
the same group will stop and both the grief number . it 's the same idea and the same resources .
in the deaf man does not have a deaf mentor , the deaf man will not hear about the deaf man .
the deaf man said that he could have to hear for deaf .
he / she can communicate . he made them that he / she had been guilty .
it was eleven guys , it was fifteen feet straight away away .
it is ready to leave the parents . it 's the same thing across the road .
we , deafies , went to the bathroom in the public .
we would cause problems for our ra , residence counselor , every day .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , nurse , every day , and the leaves change . it 's the same idea and counselor to boston .
the makes makes the deaf man . the deaf man looked at the deaf community .
the sun sets . the closed starts shaking and closer to the parents .
