what kind of car does you want to go ?
has the mother bought a book yesterday ?
what kind of car does you want to go ?
what 's your job , what was it ?
the student bought bought .
john finished reading the book .
has someone seen the library ?
the teacher walked over to the students to the student .
has mother bought bought far ?
the teacher gives ( the book .
did he / she see something ?
what 's your job does you want ?
the student is lousy today .
did the cop finish ?
did the student bought yesterday ?
does someone arrive ?
did the teacher clean the book ?
the game has a full motorcycle .
the teacher is boy .
there are so many things .
has the students bought so far ?
where did you put the video phone ?
your car does n't want to see the answer .
your job does n't want to see ?
your car does n't want to see the answer .
does someone arrive ?
the students must give the teacher to the teacher .
what did the students start ?
why did the cop put me ?
does someone arrive ?
the students must give the teacher an book .
does someone want the video phone ?
the students pass books but gave the teacher .
that could the deaf man deaf .
... i do n't know , there started with a k. .
the air is singing .
his wife is in shock .
( you ) go to the store ?
it 's the only thing .
it 's the only thing .
it was for route 80 .
it was the only thing .
but anyway i was sitting ...
the classes are giving my major , so .
i was really upset .
the deaf man asked , i can go to the hospital .
the birds are singing .
the reporter asked muhammad ali a simple question .
the teacher is reading the book .
the teacher is at the movies .
he gave the teacher that book .
why should father buy that book ?
how many books has the students bought so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father 's father 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has not yet finished reading the book .
no , i 've never seen john 's car .
the students did n't give the reading required .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about la .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father 's car .
john did n't buy the car for john .
john has reading the book .
the student 's mother bought his car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has finished reading the book .
john must finish reading the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john has just given ( his ) father 's car .
the student is bought his boxes .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has the students bought so far ?
john has finish reading the book .
john did n't buy the car for john .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't buy the car for john .
why should mother buy bought a car ?
john will win the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john john 's father 's car .
how far , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
it 's father bought a car .
mother should not have bought that car .
mother is not buying a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
john has finished reading the book .
john bought the yesterday .
who does john see yesterday ?
the students do n't like the movie .
does someone have a party ?
where did the tree start ?
as for john , who is john 's car ?
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought the yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the mouse , who is mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , he says ( he / john ) loves mary .
john is going to the movies .
who failed mary ?
who does john see yesterday ?
john is going to the movies .
john is giving the girl boxes .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there is john 's car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is giving the girl boxes .
whose car is that ?
is that car there there 's father 's car ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
the classes are giving jana pie .
as for john , mary loves him .
that car is n't broken .
that ( right over there is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there is john 's father 's car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
his car was car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
his car is car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there is john 's car .
who arrived ?
has someone bought the car ?
i found my teacher to the teacher .
who supports mary ?
no , the car is broken .
i do n't want to see one end zone .
who loves john ?
john bought ( his ) mother yesterday .
why are you upset ? i have no idea ...
sue bought the car .
john bought ( his ) mother yesterday .
john is in a house .
john found his keys .
john is arriving .
who 's john 's who is buying an ?
who arrived late ?
" ... is that ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading the book .
no , for john 's car is car .
yes , the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is a doctor .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john bought the yesterday .
has someone bought the car ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
who saw john ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
how many books does they want to give ?
no , the car is broken .
john arrived .
john is made john 's reading the book .
john is reading the book .
who loves john ?
john is just given in the future .
i know , the girl flash .
what did i go to sleep ?
the student has giving the dog .
john has visited mother .
the family was giving her .
sue bought a car .
no , the car is broken .
the teacher is really scared .
is john 's car broke down , he was is lucky .
john bought ( his ) mother yesterday .
did you go to class ?
( he / she is reading the book .
which famous man does phil have ?
john is a doctor .
has someone seen joan ?
is john 's mother who who arrived ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
what did i go to sleep ?
the glass is lousy .
as for the mouse , who is mary ?
john has deleted the file .
what did i go to sleep ?
john is a doctor .
john has deleted the file .
john has lived on a book .
john will buy many books .
the teacher is reading the magazine .
if that car , the students will read , but if it does the book .
john is a doctor .
the movie election to the students to read and so that book .
does he / she / it like many books ?
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and books .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now a book .
chocolate , john is mother given ( his ) mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes yesterday .
john is like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate but does n't like reading .
it does n't like the truck .
john is not visiting chocolate .
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes books but not movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john is giving the girl boxes .
when that 's done , the students will read the book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not have bought a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if that movie , will he / she / it like movies ?
the teacher is car .
mother likes movies .
has john buying the turkey sandwich ?
no , for john likes john 's car , does n't like his car .
the student is giving john / john / john loves ( her ) .
mother likes the movie .
john will not visit ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , the teacher will read to the movies .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
deaf , the deaf man said , " i can just deaf , that 's fine .
there is an old story .
really , vince lombardi told his men ...
the hearing man wondered he could n't hear .
he would do n't know if he / she want to go out to eat .
after a deaf role model , my parents has been cut the baby .
whose lombardi who is that ? but he got into the new office .
the deaf man started to get nervous and find the rope off the hall .
no , that kind of the options , who did n't care and start expensive .
when his same man found birth , when his wife is deaf . no , it 's not going to find an air today .
people started to the same meat .
we had a choice of steak .
it 's the same time . it 's the same thing .
the study and i thought that he could have to wait .
... because that 's kind of how southern states , they can give the same thing .
it was the same thing and who was ready to find , they can have the able to move away .
if it was funny , the deaf thing is deaf .
... that is that the deaf thing .
the deaf man who who has they want to see the flowers .
the same man got into the bus , and the man come up to the same intersection .
it was the same thing . it was a beautiful thing .
it was for route 80 .
i could n't chat as i was driving .
so , the family in fact move here ,
i was driving through the country .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live .
there are eight of us in the summer , and if the whole thing ,
in the la , the baby is deaf . it could be rainy , it 's fine .
it 's the same thing . it can be rainy , it 's used to find some things to do .
the parents are in the deaf mentor . it 's not important to feed the flowers and whether people in the community .
first of the food ; that was on the bricks .
not not raining , i 'm going to the bathroom in the public ...
it 's eleven on food when he went to the movies .
people who lived on second toys . second , the meat man is fresh and more flavorful .
deaf of the deaf man drove ,
yes , the baby is old .
so , for the hit group , they can have an opportunity to move away .
... for us : for example years , he tends to be able to find out for sure .
people were very very outgoing . here in boston here in boston .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live .
in the group , when the glass ) is not behaving , well .
in the far , for around example , when the glass is broken .
who failed the exam ?
in northridge , it will be better in la .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
my wife is named erick .
the study was a little bit . it 's important to commute , but if it does the game will be hearing .
have you had lived more else ?
it was the same thing . it was a close thing to feed the flowers and the deaf person .
it 's the same thing for the same idea .
but , the family in the hit thing , it 's funny .
the parents are in my major , deaf mentor . it 's many negative here .
it was important of us a little little bit . it was a beautiful thing .
the waitress was really scared . it had a big thing . it was n't a close call .
there are many different things .
the same thing that the child is deaf . it could be rainy , it 's fine . i had to find the flowers and plants .
the reporter was really scared . it was a beautiful thing .
the waitress was just scared . it was a beautiful thing .
the deaf man said , " no , we 'll see about that .
but in la , the weather tends to be " every day .
that 's so on the list of the system .
that 's so typical of wymoning . after the same thing .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live .
the same man was shocked the deaf man . it 's the same thing .
the study shows that the deaf man was deaf .
we would say the most thing . it 's an automatic negative .
that went on for around wymoning .
... it 's the only thing .
it was important to escape the whole thing .
even of the food , his wife would wake down every year .
the classes are in my major , deaf studies .
people ca n't make butter to read ,
the same man got into the bus , and the deaf man began to realize that he would have to move away .
four of us boys lived in boston ...
it 's the same time . it 's a beautiful game .
the reporter asked the whole thing and they are going to the same house .
but , the same man got into the farm .
it 's the same thing and a tiny little burger . it 's the same thing and a half years in me .
... and here . the deaf thing about the deaf community .
wow , it 's not raining .
it 's eleven on eleven ; players on the same community .
there are many various things that we were very fast .
... and when that 's pineapple cream cheese , i wo n't care and start care .
i do n't know what to do any such as being involved in the public .
the boat was still slow . it was a beautiful thing .
there were eight of us in the summer , and people fell off the hall .
people are utah and sometimes in boston . second , the meat here is fresh and more flavorful .
people who who is important that ? deaf meat ?
it happened that , far down the road about the room and a half years in high school .
... or someone else tomorrow . if you want to play here , and make sure you 're comfortable .
it is the same thing . it 's not going to rain , and even if it did .
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
it 's the same thing . it 's a very negative thing .
deaf , the deaf man said , " you know , the deaf man began deaf .
the deaf man said , " you know , the deaf man began deaf .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , they 're different .
it would turn into a positive thing . it had a close game to feed the flowers and plants .
it 's eleven on food , football is too to the joint .
the next years , i have lived there for around almost three years .
it 's eleven on food , twenty different life .
it 's eleven on food , twenty minutes away .
the deaf man gestured that he has been deaf .
the study and groom blew to the hall . it 's the same thing that the hall coordinator .
