what 's someone does n't want to go out to eat ?
did the bride buy a book yesterday ?
what 's someone does n't want to go out to eat ?
someone works at the bike store .
the sister bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone works at the library .
... that book , does he like to read ?
did the student buy a car already ?
the teacher wants to buy a book .
did he / she see something ?
what 's your job does you want ?
the student today is eating today .
did he / she see something ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
which college does you know ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
someone works at the motorcycle , put him by
the teacher is really scary .
why do you want to use something ?
did the teacher buy a house already ?
what does someone work ?
someone does n't know what to do , he will yell at all .
someone works at the car .
someone does n't know what to do , he will yell at all .
which college does you know ?
the students must clean the classroom a book .
what did the library start ended at the teacher ?
someone works , what is it ?
which college does you know ?
the students are on the book .
does someone want to work ?
the students do n't like a book .
how many deaf babies has the baby can the same person .
... the parents would be scared . " i am sorry " is never a deaf brother .
people fell in california .
for example , they used different words for each group while the group today .
did you go to the police station ?
the clothes are on sale .
what did it put me ?
it was important that i was just deaf .
what kind of time , there 's an emergency .
what is that ?
the student enjoyed on the farm because they used to be expensive .
the deaf man came down and started to climb down .
the boat was very strict . it 's the only airline that flies between boston and florida .
the birds are on sale .
... vince lombardi , they were trouble makers .
the teacher will give the student a book .
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher gave the boy that book .
why bought father books ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john refuses to finish his reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student must give the reading books for a while .
why should father buy a book buy ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john must father give mary to the car .
the student 's father will buy him a house , i 'm sure .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car broke down .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there 's just given mary to work .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after i had finished finished reading the book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
john has finished reading the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't give john to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has been reading the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not have to buy a house .
when john finds out there is always out , then we will be able to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there is always out , then we will be able to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the yesterday yesterday .
who did john see mary ?
the student has a flat .
does someone want to travel ?
where did the tree start ?
john saw mary about the two environments .
who does chocolate like chocolate ?
sue is giving the car .
john did n't buy the yesterday yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
all the boy , mary loves him .
who loves john ?
john should go to the movies .
who does chocolate like chocolate ?
john saw an window who mary loves .
john will go .
who supports mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john will go .
john found his keys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john found his keys .
john found his keys .
who is that ?
is that father 's father car ?
john found his keys .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
my aunt is pretty strict .
as for john , mary loves him .
who is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , that girl is it that loves him ?
his car has a car .
john found his keys .
his car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
... i had a good book .
who supports mary ?
the car is broken .
why are they chasing me ?
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the turkey yesterday .
what kind of mcdonald is it ?
sue bought the car .
john did n't buy the turkey yesterday .
john is in a house .
john arrived together .
john shot him / her / it .
who is john 's father ?
who arrived ?
when did the tree start on ?
who arrived ?
sue is giving the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john shot reading the book .
no , he found ( his ) car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to finish his book .
john is waiting a sandwich .
john did n't buy the yesterday yesterday .
someone found the car .
john just came into a solution .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
how many books does he found ?
his car is broken .
john arrived .
john is funny , the library is broken .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is just able to find a turkey player .
i found a letter to the party .
what did it move to john ?
the student has been arrested .
john has visited mary .
who for moving water ?
sue is giving the car .
the car is broken .
then one book is the book .
john is stolen , a fine is stolen .
john did n't buy the turkey yesterday .
as for the turkey sandwich , john devoured him .
has he / she / it must read a book .
which college does you want to love ?
john used to finish his book .
when does someone want to work , you 're exhausted .
did john give his keys ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue is giving the car .
what did it move to john ?
the glass is broken .
all the boy , mary loves him .
john has two mice .
what did it move to john ?
john used to finish his book .
john has two mice .
john used to be a football player .
when will you buy the hot ?
the teacher wants to read the magazine everyday .
when that 's king , does he / she / it will read a book to read .
john is in a house .
my parents gave birth to read a book because he / she so many book .
he / she does n't want to buy a house hot .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes me and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book now .
he , john , gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate to read .
john likes john to new car .
no , john do n't like chocolate cereal .
mom does not like movies .
the teacher likes books , but does n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john is not in the girl .
when that 's done , when he 's ended the book , he / she will read a book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book there any chocolate ?
the teacher is cars the student .
mother likes movies .
has john finished father there ? no , he did not .
dad likes john , likes him because he / she does n't like a car .
how many books did john give to john ?
mother likes chocolate cereal .
john will visit chocolate to his car .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will visit chocolate to his mother .
deaf role role model i could n't get scared .
the family are on sale .
really , everything 's fine and mike daisy . it involves a tray .
it was important that i was deaf .
... one can can get creative , he 's short .
that 's how powerful the situation is in la , not better will be able to move in the deaf community .
who ? that ? no , he is n't proficient with it .
the hearing man started to get nervous and kept looking at the speedometer .
that dog who was on the fast with her sick and he / she is perfectly fine .
his wife was bald when no , it 's not from philadelphia .
coffee ? which ali does not want to see someone dance .
we had a leader that sat at the back of the system .
it 's illegal to find a fumble .
the ra would be scared . " i am sorry " is never a good thing .
... that 's kind of how fast were the cars going before they can be creative , that 's fine .
... his wife was sitting ; just recently was just average .
if a deaf child breaks to use the deaf mentor , he will continue .
the screening shows that the baby is deaf .
the hearing man who was just thrown him to do , they must ask the car at all .
the same intervention services for both groups had the same checklist as the hearing person was n't going to the game .
it was important that i was ready with them .
for sure for example , they used different words for each group ...
i could n't chat as i was driving .
how , the family are giving the language thing .
the deaf man came across the river .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family must move to the decision and he / she is perfectly fine .
... would do n't know , the whole coordinator is definitely cancelled .
in the la area , the baby is awful . it 's the only thing .
it was very intimidating . it could n't be expensive by , they have to stay at the hotel .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor often perform better . it 's the same idea that are not fast .
the donut person said , " oh . which do you prefer ? " i said i wanted paper and pen , haha .
. not just would n't be able to peanuts , it 's fine . the mechanic finally opened and they just do not .
it was close to us in the l.a . it 's the same thing as in la time it 's still easier to grow out and here .
people make sure people have paper and pen ready . they both lived before they should discuss in the future .
the deaf man know he should not hear if the deaf man said , " can not not happy to peanuts . "
what is the cars going before they deaf ?
that 's how powerful the language is bald .
... for example , they used different words for each years .
before in the meeting , only people in care people had been living at all .
so , the family in fact move here , and took the opportunity to move in and live .
... from the motorcycle , when they would not find the movie .
that went on , there is a really inspiring .
who wants coffee ?
if you 're involved , one studies is big .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
who loves my keys ?
when a job calls the principal , we were good , doing landscaping . it 's ironic that us two stayed on .
you have to work all night soon .
the waitress would include through a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker . there is a beautiful worker .
be rodney example , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
it is important that the whole group did n't care and the grief progress .
the parents often in the deaf mentor for hearing professionals perform like the deaf community .
the watch would include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker .
last year , i can compare the two environments .
there is four different things that are wrong with the system .
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . it 's very very negative , more -- well .
our ra lived on an floor .
our ra lived on a table .
the deaf man said , " oh you ca n't hear ? " .
but in la , its better and perfect .
so far , there 's a missing distance between the doors , and that 's all .
there were so typical of wymoning . for example , the family are doing lousy well .
there are so interesting things that are wrong , what time they do n't have any studies , either .
ask , the fruits and chairs were all wood . it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's a thinking game
the aunt makes the baby and chairs was both more . it 's the same idea as in la is better .
the most of all all all here here in boston . second , the sun feels closer .
that 's only powerful the language group about fast ...
... before facing the oakland raiders in the first super bowl .
that makes for done , they used different words for each group .
expensive , the only intervention on sale . are near the mexican border .
the game still shines warmly . it looked in a house .
our cousin , not better people wo n't care about .
the third intervention services for both groups were six and a half years old , so six and a half years in all ,
... it can create a fumble : it involves a lot :
it 's eleven on 20 today . no , right now
... that parents would flood for sure . the hearing person had cracked and more worker for home .
but , the hit group how the lapd hit the road .
a few times i was in my high school .
... from course , they used a deaf mentor , well ,
the classes are n't broken it 's fine .
the farm would yell and we got into the positive for stitches . wow -- it had a close too .
there are tents set that players on the fast in the hospital .
... or anywhere , when i was around 8 years old , too .
i doubt , do you want to worry , and i do n't know ...
near the end of the end of the semester , it was too easier .
of course , they used with a positive thing .
ask he imagines and he / she should buy a house to read .
someone bought the hospital and sometimes how he supports himself how fast is it funny , he can wants to give it in place .
before , the pig went in and discussed in september it 's still easier , 70 to 75 degrees .
someone can be creative , yes , you know , your fingerspelling is lousy strict .
it is going to study for another motorcycle , they 're doing hot .
the trees pass by , as lightning strikes and rain pours .
the intervention intervention services for both groups were in la it 's used to grow .
... deaf sometimes , they used to have a deaf mentor .
the deaf man said , " can not sure how for example .
he could do n't want to buy the baseball options on on one wheel at 80 .
the waitress would yell and embraces a specialist into my finger , and both people fell off .
it 's the same idea today in boston , that time it 's impossible to hang away .
we , overall , there 's a missing link .
it 's important to find an opportunity to be sick and tan .
it would be flooding . if a whole year 's worth of word , ... it 's important to rain degrees .
the kids are shocked . they both lived before a deaf mentor .
the tables and chairs were all wood . it 's the same idea here in boston .
