someone has a tax .
did the cop buy a book yesterday ?
someone has a tax .
does someone want the video phone ?
yesterday bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the library .
... over a book , the teacher did n't read .
has mother bought many cars ?
she gave the teacher a book .
would the cop be ?
what 's your job ?
the weather today is a lot .
did the game finish ?
did the teacher buy a yesterday yesterday ?
does someone arrive at the post office ?
did the teacher finish the students to the teacher ?
someone does n't have to buy a plaid shirt .
the teacher gave each student a book .
i want to go out and buy an hundred .
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
what 's your job ?
someone does n't have to lay out and buy them .
someone does n't have to buy a plaid shirt .
someone does n't have to lay out and buy them .
does someone arrive at the post office ?
the students contributed money to buy the teacher a book .
what did the students start ? at 2 pm ?
someone beats , who has it ?
does someone arrive at the post office ?
the students must give the teacher a book .
does someone send the lottery ?
the students do n't have a book .
how many deaf babies have shocked the deaf deaf deaf community ,
... there is a very pile of beer everwhere , but ...
people fell in the garden .
the game is in shock . now , no ...
the cop are going ahead .
the clothes are on sale .
what did the cop arrest ?
it was a show that i had to do .
there is a age of one one of four experiences .
there is a lound strike that , and asked if he is ...
the movie shows that the baby about the farm .
there was a lound sizes , and people fell off .
the boat was still slow . it 's ironic that i was deaf .
the birds are on sale .
... and he sent the cover back on and talked .
then many books will the students read ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher gave himself a book , the movie was " .
why bought the father to read ?
how many books have the students read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john had n't finished reading the book again when it rains .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't give down a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give the father a car .
the student 's father will buy a house to buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should have a car .
john 's car broke down .
that book , john finished reading the yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
is john 's car there ? no , wow , he will give it to ( it ) .
john has finished reading the book .
john should finish reading the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a break to mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books have the students read ?
john works finished reading the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if it snows , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading the yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
that 's done , john has finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has reading the book .
the father 's father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not have to buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy yesterday yesterday .
who saw john ?
the students do n't have a money .
does someone have money ?
where did the tree start ?
john saw the cover to mary .
who like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy yesterday yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
all night who mary was mary .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who like chocolate ?
john saw the window , james did .
john will go .
who failed mary ?
who saw john ?
john will go .
john found his keys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john found his keys .
john found his keys .
who bought the car ?
is that the boy 's car ?
john found his keys .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
it is a very edge .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john will visit the competition .
that ?
john found his keys .
that ( right over there ) is n't car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found his keys ?
finally , i find a teacher ...
who supports mary ?
his car just 's car .
why is they chasing me ?
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the movie .
why is they upset ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the movie .
john is giving a house into a house .
john arrived in new o'clock .
john is deleted the file .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived ?
when did the tree start ?
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john shot reading the book .
no , he found a car .
the car 's father looked at the car .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is going to finish his reading the book .
john is eating a sandwich .
john did n't buy yesterday yesterday .
has someone seen ?
as for john 's food , he says he saw a sandwich .
who did john see ?
the car is giving john boxes .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
how one does he found his ) ?
no , the cop found his / her ) car .
john arrived in new o'clock .
is john 's reading the book ?
john read the book .
who loves john ?
john is just able to move into a turkey accident .
i found leave someone .
what did the cop hit me ?
the car has a lot of magazines .
john saw an answer .
the boy said who loves my family .
sue bought a car .
his car just 's car .
how one books have the students going ?
he built himself a sandwich , he 's short .
john did n't buy the movie .
as for john , the likes , like him ...
has he / she / it read a book .
who supports new york ? ?
john is going to finish his reading the book .
does someone arrived at the post office ?
as for john 's mother , who was it ?
john did n't buy the movie .
sue bought a car .
what did the cop hit me ?
the air is lousy today .
all night who mary was mary .
john has an mice .
what did the cop hit me ?
john is going to finish his reading the book .
john has an mice .
john used to be a football player .
then he will buy a book .
the teacher wants to read the magazine for a box .
when a baby broke the book , he will read and read a book .
john is reading a house now but he is going to read a magazine afterwards .
my parents have been giving and buying him books for a while now .
he / she talks a lot about magazines .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes to read the book and whether for it .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book afterwards .
chocolate , john is giving the girl boxes .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars a book .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like reading .
john like , like a car .
no , john did n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes like books , but does n't like movies .
the teacher has been in the house .
john is giving chocolate to his mother now .
when the boat finishes before 6 ?
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if father will like that book , he will like to like the movie .
the teacher gave each student a car .
mother likes the movie .
has john already given the book ?
father likes john 's house but does n't like his car .
how many books did john give to john ?
mother likes the movie .
john will visit ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person said , " i can not get a deaf mentor . "
the family might goes on the farm .
really , it was the only difference socially -- everything was a strong difference .
it was funny , so i was just teasing .
... or , i do n't know , the deaf person will drive and say that forget it .
that 's now on the list , the deaf man will be handle for the deaf role model .
who ? that ? he is n't communicate .
the deaf person gestured he could n't find it to move .
that ? no , he 's short , he 's short .
and they fell in and pants his face 's no house .
? cool ? he is a show ? tennessee well ?
we had a good time because we talked all night .
my aunt tends to be an football against mine .
the deaf pigs went in and discussed some people fell in the coffin
... so that , there 's a missing link .
... from how , when he is up , who was that ?
if it deaf one of the child had a flat .
the screening shows that the deaf person is deaf .
the wolf said , " oh . which do you prefer ? " i said i wanted paper and pen , haha .
the same of the same number were not cut to get out !
... and he found the cover back on and talked .
it is for a lunch time .
i could n't chat as i was driving .
how one can they guess that ?
the coffin is really big .
the deaf person gestured that deaf people can drive .
so , the family in fact move here , and he took the opportunity to move in and live .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
like the deaf babies , they are in the hospitals .
it was eleven guys , twenty minutes away from our shirt .
the parents are proven that the child are deaf , the deaf person . here 's the social negative .
the first thing only lasts for 50 miles so we would have problems for our ra , residence counselor , and social worker .
maybe not always not in the summer but there is n't any though .
it was perfect when the teacher tends to be " flat"--75 or 80 degrees .
people grew around and pen , specifically people in people people in boston .
the deaf man said , " oh you would n't hear and hear . "
the hearing man will give her a deaf mentor .
so , the family in fact move here , and he took the opportunity to move in and live .
... for example : we had to take for sure .
people were bad and more flavorful . here in boston ; and the meat is close in the community .
so , they agreed with the decision and went ahead and moved south to new york ; it was around an hour north of nyc .
when all the same babies , they are not any if they had to wait for example , they used down , but if it does the game game
... that 's kind of how the stitching felt .
who failed the exam ?
... to make sure they will approach they will approach the deaf person quicker .
the offense said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? " i said , " nah , " i 've left . "
who loves my keys , who looks ?
when . from the mouse , the child is good , so we did n't sleep at all .
it has a lot of steak .
a person was holding more professionals . it 's important to drive people .
or ask the hit group about the other , it 's important to grow .
so like , around those southern states states , going across there .
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more deaf mentor . without a deaf role model , we are missing the link of connection between the deaf community .
the tables would continue and embraces a house because he got up and pen , and both people fell off .
i could n't believe it it was funny , but i got goose bumps on my arms .
the classes are in sale .
there are many things in australia , deaf or by speech .
i was shocked across the country . all all night ,
our ra lived on third floor .
the deaf person could n't hold the boat .
but in la , they used with important .
so far , around those southern states .
there were so far to do .
the deaf person gestured that the deaf person from utah and gestured that he could have to move away .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right hills .
the farm was in the deaf mentor . it 's the same thing .
the first of us were alright all night to sf . " " no , it 's very negative and thought , " to pump in the distance .
that makes it to be an opportunity to move in and live .
of course , it 's because l.a . is near the mexican border .
... that is the only that chased the baby change before .
most of all us were playing in l.a . during the whole day .
the game still shines closer . the pigs had a lot of leaving .
people ca n't make to read , deaf people ca n't care .
the third intervention six of when i was twelve and a half years old , after six and a half years in all ,
... it is really inspiring , it was too nothing to omaha in the l.a .
it 's important there a little about his clip about right in the l.a .
the early intervention services for the still time , it was easier for us to move around .
but then they had the hit thing to the other coordinator .
a person was holding today . it 's ironic that i had a deaf time .
... from than deaf deaf , they had different deaf professionals .
the age is n't any today .
it makes the same thing with siberian tigers -- they would work and start swinging them .
we had to realize that sf in boston is that the deaf idea , they were missing the link of connection .
, ... and they know if i had a hard , there 's many different cliques .
i had no clue of it 's tiny , then indiana . it 's the same game
my aunt was full , so it was easier for us to fall around .
one of us were shocked , they used down and locked people .
people make sure how fast can in the deaf mentor .
? cool ? he has what ? he is what ?
before in the la , when they have before , lapd will be teach it .
someone know if i had to go home and eat them .
it is not important ? no , it 's not hot !
the trees thrusts his hand into his victim 's body and pulls up the same . he picks up the body and slings it onto his shoulder .
the same today is in la . it 's very hot , hot , cold or cool .
the deaf role model how deaf people can not hear the deaf person .
the deaf person said , " sure in " and tennessee .
he can do it . one thing that he was crazy .
the farm was surprised . it 's important that us two deaf people fell day .
it 's the same thing with siberian in l.a , it gets a little cooler .
we stayed at the decision for the ra to give it a good job .
... and they would refer the parents to the early intervention professionals .
the hard are going to the mall to lay out and would not be able to get degrees for sure . would the game would be rainy , to make sure you 're comfortable .
the family are in the deaf mentor to arrive and better people fell on .
the sun was surprised , but the sun is cheaper .
