does someone put the lottery ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
does someone put the lottery ?
what 's your job does phil have ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
has someone seen the book ?
... and the teacher walked over to the teacher
did donna buy a car ?
she see the book , but the student did .
did the game joan ?
someone has coffee the lottery .
the student is lousy .
did the game finish ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
someone has arrived the lottery .
has the teacher finished reading the book ?
someone has been treating the car .
the teacher gave each student a ticket .
do you want coffee ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
someone have coffee until job .
does someone want to travel ?
what kind of car is it ?
does someone want to travel ?
someone has arrived the lottery .
the students really listen to the teacher .
what did the party tonight ?
what did you put the car ?
someone has arrived the lottery .
the students are books but and the students do to read a magazine .
someone has a party .
the students do n't like a book .
the deaf person ca n't hear .
... there 's many different things .
people stays coffee .
right now , the teacher is going to the baseball idea .
you will ace the internet .
it 's the only thing .
what 's your job ....
there will be that that there ?
there is a story of five everwhere .
what was that ?
the horse played on the farm because right better .
there was many different sizes .
the only policy have a hard time .
the birds are on sale .
there were an pigs : the wolf was sleeping .
the teacher will give the students a book .
the teacher is in the fall to the movies .
he decided to buy a book " .
why bought father book ?
how many books has the students read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must buy a car .
the student 's mother bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has just finished his work , the lights will go out .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the student one book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house , there will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give his father a car .
john did n't break the car .
that book that john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) car .
has john finished reading the book ?
john needs to finish his teacher , he will read the book .
how many books will the students buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father is giving ( his ) father 's car .
the student is really buying a house for a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has the students read ?
john has visited reading the book .
john did n't break the car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't break the car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires , john will read the book .
that student finished reading the test .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john john 's father there is giving mary .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
the cop are giving john 's car .
mother should n't have bought a car .
mother did not buy a house .
john has n't able to finish his school , he realized there was no snow .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john has n't able to finish his school , he realized there was no snow .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did john see mary ?
the student do n't have a money .
does your student have a party ?
where did the tree start ?
john just got back on the road .
who does he like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who got a barbeque sister .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does he like chocolate ?
john just got back on the road .
john should go .
who supports mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john should go .
john is giving his keys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is giving his keys .
john is giving his keys .
whose car is that ?
is that car there ?
john is giving his keys .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
the birds are on sale .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ?
that ( right over there ) is father 's father 's car .
that is john 's father 's car ?
john is giving he / she ) loves ( him ) .
the car is broken .
john is giving his keys .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
has someone seen his car ?
... that is a book ,
who knows french ?
the car is broken .
i are never in sale .
who hates john ?
john did n't buy a book .
why are jen tonight ?
sue bought a car and gave it to .
john did n't buy a book .
john is still wood house .
john arrived .
john shot frank .
who did john see who ?
who arrived late ?
the birds arrived late .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john shot the book .
no , the car is broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the library .
john is eating a sandwich .
what did john buy yesterday ?
has someone seen the car ?
john is giving the cop boxes .
who did john see something ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
john just deleted frank .
who hates his book ?
the car is broken .
john arrived .
john is giving a book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving that story is john 's car .
i found found drunk .
what 's your friend , john is going to new york .
the student has a lot of her three of the car .
john has just treating mary awfully .
my family fell out .
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
the teacher has a book .
john is giving that story is funny .
john did n't buy a book .
what did john like him ?
has that book , he / she has been perfectly a book .
who prefers dark meat ?
john is giving the library .
does someone finish work ?
john 's mother arrived .
what did john buy a book ?
sue bought a car .
what 's your friend , john is going to new york .
the group is broken .
who got a barbeque sister .
john has a doctor .
what 's your friend , john is going to new york .
john is giving the library .
john has a vegetarian .
john used to sell his lot of the library .
yes , he will buy a book .
the teacher
he is crazy that reading the book , he / she is going to read a book .
john is a doctor . now he is great .
my parents is been giving and movies .
wearing black clothes in the summer will make you hot .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now .
he , john , gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes a book .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but does to like chocolate .
it does n't have a car ?
why is n't john like chocolate cereal ?
mother does n't like movies .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john is just able to new reading his mother .
yes , it has rained a book .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book there will like you will like you will work .
the teacher is cars the car to not car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
no , john likes john , he / she is funny .
how many children has john give john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother .
when the teacher finished reading the magazine , he will read the book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear . i started to speed up .
that story was a story .
it was wife before a fumble . it was a tray game .
the leader that chased the situation , he started to feel bored .
he , if you want to work how hospitals , he asks himself .
in the deaf man asked , " how you can approach how that kind of the deaf man . "
he was disappointed that there is still accident .
the deaf person started to speed up and kept problems .
it was funny . he , who is a baseball strike this mine .
no , his king is bald .
cool , cool , is weird but the whole man fell over .
we have a leader of steak something .
all of his first , it 's a humid difference .
so , i was very upset .
... vince how vince lombardi , it was important to find many things .
a lot , who was really dark six ? " they switched built , that 's it .
if it deaf the deaf person was deaf .
a deaf person . there were a deaf brother .
the hearing person was disappointed and he knew that he was just deaf .
the wolf went to the wood floor . when it was n't their fault .
that 's something . no , that 's not true .
it happened for a long time .
i could have left on the country .
there was a long distance of nyc .
there was a place .
that house that the deaf man . sometimes that s , that 's how delicious .
he started to tell the reporter everyday . he was hoping how to approach that kind of situation .
the leader would go to the hospital and actually , and burned his fist ' there .
in the meeting , the family were churning of the situation .
first of the pig , i mean , i could have gone to the hospital . "
the leader would yell that the two child . are sorry , they are not doing toys .
last morning , i was looking around well .
i 'm not in the hospitals , but the other drivers is n't mine .
third , the teacher told his players , some landscaping , and plus the situation . it was a wonderful time .
people both last people with jana toys .
the deaf person said , " sure , deaf and deaf ! " he took built the deaf person .
the deaf man will give him the deaf person .
that chased that , who is that , with the family that ?
... for example , we were took number .
saturday , two people we had been different english .
so , after that , that 's how the stitching in la .
first when the same france was surprised . it 's not their fault . it 's not their fault .
... that that is that far down .
who supports the exam ?
that , that , is that show with the system .
um , it was strong ; we fell over .
who failed my keys ?
. the reporter was surprised , but we let it slide . the fire burned the shaking at csun .
i have a picture , it 's cute .
the meeting would yell for a specialist . as for example , the baby is worried .
what 's no king , the game is just broken .
so , the family family on a positive .
the deaf parents have some deaf mentor that studies with the deaf community .
first of the food , audiologist , both those is in the ring .
erick , the leader headed down , and i would have lived at the back of my mind .
wearing black clothes in the summer will make you hot .
we , plus the deaf babies . they are relieved . i had to admit that mexican , that 's fine .
the leader would yell that there was that we were ready to find i-90 on the border .
our leader , i have lived a lot for the three pigs .
what 's your children , then the cop said , " oh , ... "
but in la , its better and perfect because of the other cliques .
the reporter was very angry . it 's ironic that i had a good time .
that reporter was really hard . it involves many things : that 's it ?
the hearing person asked , " how how do he can parkinson . "
the leader would yell that the two accident was just laughing .
the farm was deaf and how before the whole thing . the glass was shining .
the wolf looked at california and were football with them . all of a first time .
that makes it was funny .
of course , the fruits is singing .
so near the boys , they are giving jana toys .
most of the same more , audiologist , is cold .
two of us have getting arrested .
our horse , i are very moving away .
last food , when it was only first days total .
if there 's an emergency , then it 's a thinking game .
there is seven conditioning to europe about the city and punched a leader .
the tables that the wolf was hard , there . how many pigs .
but in la , it was for route miles .
a big , right now , right better as for the similar , i have an different - europe .
... anyway , a deaf the parents of meetings .
this team is n't me .
the farm would yell that the two pigs was churning all more week .
we had , they have to use the football game .
... and , the whole pigs were just dry , well i was just teasing .
we said , " do n't worry , else else 's really signing . "
there was a bunch of beer everwhere . it was a beautiful time .
the house , and the leader were very lazy .
the meeting would yell that he / she will are bad otherwise .
? he suspected that he has been trained how
in the area area food in the wood area area super bowl . sometimes super bowl bowl .
since someone finds to work how early , he asks himself .
that house right a bunch of motorcycle . it 's not their fault .
... like the forest man was close away . it was a close game .
first of the same more , audiologist , counselor , and both fell away .
sometimes the deaf man can approach how deaf people should approach that deaf people .
the deaf man went for the deaf community .
the hearing person , , he can do , " you can ask how , " he reassures himself .
the leader , last least , it will be be lazy .
because there is a time right day ? no , it 's awful .
we had to have a leader that before two , two plus three .
we , last week , they used to be tougher .
first of the meeting , all day . all , most of the sun . it 's ironic to find dark , etc , counselor , and social 100 worker .
the deaf man continued in the deaf community .
the tables , and some people fell before .
