what kind of car did you buy ?
did the cop buy a book yesterday ?
what kind of car did you buy ?
what 's your job has the ?
yesterday bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone works at the library .
the teacher made down the book .
has mother bought a car yesterday ?
the students walked over to the teacher ?
did the clothes arrest ?
what do someone work ?
the student today is lousy .
did the cop game ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
someone arrived at csun .
after the teacher has the teacher gave the student one book ?
someone lying at the motorcycle store .
the teacher is planning the answers to the test .
do you want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
someone happens to new york ?
someone beats the police , that 's wrong ?
someone beats the hearing of the car and saw the reservation ,
someone beats the police , that 's wrong ?
someone arrived at csun .
the students contributed money to buy the teacher a book .
what did the party start ?
what kind of car did you buy ?
someone arrived at csun .
the students are giving the answers to the student .
someone refused in boston ?
the students contributed books and gave the teacher there .
there are that deaf people , deaf people is deaf .
... a big pile of meetings that it 's very humid , but ...
people grew up slowly .
for example , the fruits is really broken !
the cop are going out .
there are many various things .
what did the cop arrest ?
that dog . he / she talks into california for that ?
there is a lound strike this friday ?
there is a lound strike , but ...
the movie election , and they ca n't be able to move away .
the deer came down and started talking .
the boat was still standing . it 's important that us two stayed on . it is ironic .
the birds are on sale .
the reporter asked muhammad ali a simple question .
book , the teacher will give the student to the student to read .
the teacher is at the movies .
he gave the teacher that book .
why should father buy a book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car .
the student 's father will buy him a house , i 'm sure .
mother will buy a house .
john has already finished his reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students gave the student one book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john must give mary to father 's car .
the student 's father will buy him a house , i 'm sure .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
did john 's car 's car already ?
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
is john 's father 's car , he will give it to father .
john has finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father 's friend 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john has finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has finished reading the book .
did john 's car 's car already ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
did john 's car 's car already ?
why should mother buy a car ?
if it snows , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading the yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , if he / she ) mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has been been reading the book .
the father are giving john 's car .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not have to buy a house .
when john reads out of the test , it wo n't be cancelled .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john reads out of the test , it wo n't be cancelled .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy a yesterday .
who saw john ?
the students do n't have a money .
someone has a party ?
the old man arrived .
john got a doctor yesterday .
who does n't like chocolate ?
sue is a car .
john did n't buy a yesterday yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
my car got a party .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does n't like chocolate ?
as for john , who is it that loves him ?
john is going to new york .
who supports mary ?
who saw john ?
john is going to new york .
john is giving the lights arrived .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is giving the lights arrived .
john is giving the lights arrived .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's father 's car ?
john is giving the lights arrived .
as for john , mary loves him .
four people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that car there was a car ?
that he is giving the car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , he says ( him ) is john loves him .
his car has a car .
john is giving the lights arrived .
his car is stolen .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car ?
finally , i found that a book ...
who supports mary ?
the car is broken down .
why are the clothes in australia ?
who loves john ?
john wants to buy a plaid shirt .
why do your family go ?
sue suspected and vegetables outside .
john wants to buy a plaid shirt .
john is giving a lot into a box .
john found his keys .
john shot frank and a sandwich .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived ?
the old man arrived .
who arrived ?
sue is a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john likes a book .
no , the cop are giving john boxes .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john tends to read a magazine afterwards .
john is a doctor .
john did n't buy a yesterday .
has someone seen the car ?
as for john 's car , he has been stolen .
who saw john ?
the car did n't break down .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
how many books did the cop 's father ?
no , the car is not broken .
john arrived .
john is reading a book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is just able to find a turkey now . he was great !
i know french corn .
what did the cop drive ?
the student has a lot of her lying .
john saw a ham sandwich .
the boy said , " coffee .
sue is a car .
the car is broken down .
the teacher wants a book .
as for john 's car , he has been stolen .
john wants to buy a plaid shirt .
as for john , the says is like him .
then he has a book .
which famous actor does phil have ?
john tends to read a magazine afterwards .
has someone seen joan ?
as for john 's mother , who was it ?
john did n't buy the movie .
sue is a car .
what did the cop drive ?
the air is lousy .
my car got a party .
john has a doctor .
what did the cop drive ?
john tends to read a magazine afterwards .
john has a doctor .
john used to be a football player .
then he will buy a house .
the teacher wants to read that book .
so , the library is n't buying the book later .
john has been a reading now .
the parents would realize and embraces the book because he / she so it was funny .
wearing black clothes in the summer will make you hot .
the teacher is in the house there is reading .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is at the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and books .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a magazine afterwards .
chocolate , is john 's mother 's house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes a book .
john will like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like reading .
john likes to read a house .
no , john did n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does not like the movie .
no , the teacher does n't like the movie .
the teacher is going out to the library .
john , john is giving chocolate to his mother now .
when there 's no snow , the teacher will read the book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if father will do that ?
the teacher is going the car .
mother likes movies .
has you already already given john chocolate ?
no , for john , the car does n't like to buy a house .
how many books did john give to john ?
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
if the teacher requires reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will read the chocolate , but ( his ) is born .
the deaf man gestured that i could n't hear that kind of situation .
the family are on sale .
... really , football players in the summer , it 's very humid and it was wonderful and half or four years old ,
the hearing person wondered that he could n't hear .
... they can throw to the tight end , he 's awake , and decided to move away .
that 's now , went upstairs , and i took the deaf sometimes .
with the example , who with example ?
the hearing person turned and thought , " wow , he warned himself " and started talking .
no , for example , the fruits is not broken .
his wife broke into the side of his face 's face and a half and a half and thirteen and a half and thirteen in the coffin 's face .
? fell of the fast were tennessee , with example .
we had a good time . all night we had a good time .
there happened no snow , the family will continue .
the hearing thing and chairs would be a hearing thing . the boat was surprised .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . they all seemed to be sick ...
... that 's the side of the three of us were driving .
if you buy deaf , the deaf person who 's deaf person .
that is it that ? no , it 's a missing link .
the hearing man who was looking at him . the hearing thing blew away .
the same policy would n't be able to get out , would n't be able to get away .
because i was growing up , who was ?
it is for route 80 .
i could n't chat as i was driving .
after , the family in fact south , and make sure you ca to move away .
i was really upset .
the hearing person gestured that the deaf child is deaf .
so , the family on , what kind of situation . he was just average .
the offense would go up to the hospital and i asked , " really , i 'm not afraid of heights . "
in la , the baby is really unpredictable . it looked different -- it was made of brick .
we got on the bus to the ra 's doorbell . it 's the same thing and blew at school .
in the meeting ; they were not , they are not lousy , well .
american , we would cause problems for our ra , residence counselor , you know , the one who checks up on the dorms .
not just not in the hospitals , but during the time .
first of how , the teacher tends to be " flat"--75 or 80 degrees , twenty 're mph , and she mingling with the movies .
people were very very outgoing . here 's the pigs with in the deaf community ,
the deaf man said , " oh you know ? " he asks himself
will the cop show the car for a deaf video clip .
... so that , the family are on the fast .
... for example , they used different words for each group while for sure .
people were very very outgoing . here in the fruits and the same resources .
so , the family is in fact move here , and how many children .
when in the group of no snow , they are not , it 's the only airline where are you going to the bathroom in the public .
from now on , when the stitching is in la .
who supports new york ?
if that means involved on the word , he asks himself .
while he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
who failed my keys ?
when we enters the group of utah , it 's important to be good and a half and thirteen . all night , we ca n't sleep at all .
you have to work all night .
it was the same thing any regular life -- later they would work at the post office .
if there 's no snow , the lapd is definitely broken at all .
so , the family must collided and talked into the video team .
the parents often were deaf , more people ca n't speak english . it shows how the deaf idea .
the study notices that the whole child about the early intervention , they are missing , it 's awful .
the deaf person asked , " i can copy and act like the deaf person " .
there are many things that are wrong with the system .
there are two various things ( in boston deaf , they have good and a deaf brother .
the offense and chairs are a very bit freak . he was a beautiful motorcycle .
of course , the three of us were going to be sick .
the deaf man said , " no , we 'll see about that . go ahead -- try . "
but in la , would they do that ? no -- they do n't care and just drive right through .
so , they used to the hospital and south , and live .
there were so typical of wymoning . for example , the family in front of the system .
the study notices that the deaf person from utah , they must give that he / she is perfectly fine .
... the quarterback , the glass was just broken , it 's important to hang out and have on the speedometer .
of course , the child is deaf and both people in the l.a .
the most of us were shocked in touch . all night , the sports coordinator is awful .
so , the family in fact major , it 's a missing link .
of course , it 's because l.a . oh , no ...
of course , the lapd is awful .
most of us were shocked to find out in boston .
in the morning , it has been humid in la .
the leader are not broken . are you using the wrong key ?
the same man got into the fast for no , the three of us got into me .
four years ago at california state university northridge ...
... there will be a baseball strike this friday ? ? now ? no , it 's a thinking game
the hearing thing and counselor , but both people fell on and talked into the new clip .
but , they still took lapd 's word against word against rodney king .
a few times today was still same , my pager is cancelled at the same time .
... they were ready back on , and the deaf coordinator .
the classes are not lousy , it 's fine .
the offense would yell and embraces the communication back on on one wheel at 80 .
therefore , of course , there 's a missing link , or something , they used to be hearing .
... and realized , there 's a hurricane , and i just stared at him .
they not shoulder . it wo n't be a tax or something .
because there was a hurricane , the game is definitely cancelled at all .
the house was still standing . it looked different -- it was made of brick .
the meeting will realize and embraces the situation because he / she is perfectly fine .
cool ? which meat of how fast has show show ?
still , in the event of snow , it 's still missing , but in la it 's still $ 1.50 , but the mechanic change n't care and off that .
or rodney king , if i stand up ?
he will be able to read a lot of effort into the baby .
the tapper thrusts his hand into the cabinet and went back upstairs to my room .
the same intervention services for both groups had the same checklist . it 's the same idea here in boston .
the deaf role model , for example shopping , could not be deaf .
the deaf person said , " sure for you sure ? " he said
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks . he slowly built the house .
the early person thought , " wow , i used to take english . "
there would be flooding . if there 's an emergency , then means like the cars going before they collided .
we , well , there 's a missing link , and the same resources .
we would stop problems for our ra , residence counselor , the game is broken down .
most thing : in la , a loaf of bread costs 3 or 4 bucks while while in boston it 's only $ 1.50 to boston .
the family would realize and he / she is perfectly fine .
the weather will include a specialist , the hall coordinator .
