something happens to the hospital 's car ?
did bob buy a book ?
something happens to the hospital 's car ?
someone happens up .
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone finds out .
do the teacher like the book drink ? no , the teacher did n't eat the book .
has the student bought a car ?
did the teacher like the classroom ?
should the tree be ?
what 's your job does you move ?
the student is today there .
did he / she see something ?
did the student buy a book ?
someone arrived late .
did the teacher already clean the book ?
the man joan up on the motorcycle .
the teacher is giving the answers to the test .
what do you want anything ?
has the teacher been buying a house ?
someone 's favorite ( food / vegetable ) is corn .
the man joan up on the farm .
someone saw the car , he started to feel bored .
the man joan up on the farm .
someone arrived late .
the students contributed money to the teacher .
what did the party start ?
what 's your phone , who are it ?
someone arrived late .
the students exchanged books to the teacher and the teacher .
what does you finish work ?
the student gave the student a book .
that 's how kind of the deaf community .
it was perfect .
people grow up slowly .
what ? you have a baseball strike this ? what ? ?
( you ) go ahead and tan ?
the clothes are on sale .
really , it 's a big difference from here .
that 's because he / she is very upset .
" is that story ? "
there 's an emergency .
the horse played on my farm , right down .
the pigs was very dry and plain .
the boat was really hard , it 's strong .
the birds are on sale .
really , it was as if they were really expensive nothing .
will the teacher clean the classroom ?
the teacher is at the movies .
then he / she is a movie .
why bought father liking the book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must buy a car .
the student 's mother just bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the student one book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
( hah over there ) is john 's father 's car ?
the student 's father will buy a house , he wo n't buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car did n't break down .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother 's car .
john will buy a car . ( he ) father is deaf .
john has finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give ( his ) father 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
john was finished reading the book .
john 's car did n't break down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car did n't break down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires ( the magazine , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading the window .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give ( his ) car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has visited the book .
have that car there john 's father 's ?
mother should not have bought a car .
mother did not buy a house .
when john finds out , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought a yesterday and gave it to the student .
who saw mary ?
the student has a lot of magazines .
does someone win the lottery ?
where did the tree be ?
john saw a ham sandwich .
who does n't like chocolate ?
sue is mowing .
john bought a yesterday and gave it to the student .
what did john buy yesterday ?
all for the water , mary loves him .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does n't like chocolate ?
john saw a computer . who was a flat .
john will go .
who is liz ?
who saw mary ?
john will go .
john is a vegetarian . he 's lucky .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is a vegetarian . he 's lucky .
john is a vegetarian . he 's lucky .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's car ?
john is a vegetarian . he 's lucky .
as for john , mary loves him .
is that videogame easy to beat ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
his car is broken .
john is a vegetarian . he 's lucky .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone someone 's car .
... that i had a discussion .
who supports mary ?
the car is broken .
what are the story game ?
who loves john ?
john did n't buy ( he ) yesterday ?
what 's the emergency rises ?
sue 's favorite ( food / vegetable ) is a car .
john did n't buy ( he ) yesterday ?
john is a wood house .
john arrived .
john shot him / her / it .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived ?
where did the tree be ?
who arrived ?
sue is mowing .
as for john , mary loves him .
john shot to read a book .
where did he move to the car ?
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is working a book .
john is eating a sandwich .
john bought a yesterday and gave it to the student .
has someone seen the car ?
john , broke a truck . the car is broken .
who saw john ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see something ?
who is planning to buying his books ?
the car is broken .
john arrived .
john is a reading time . he is crazy .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is just able to john in a player .
i find working a while .
what 's john ?
the student has giving the dog .
john saw a computer .
all day .
sue is mowing .
the car is broken .
she has a reading time .
john is giving a sandwich , he is awful !
john did n't buy ( he ) yesterday ?
what 's john ?
she has a teacher .
who is liz married ?
john is working a book .
someone arrived at home .
john 's mother who who arrived .
john did to buy a house ? he wo n't .
sue is mowing .
what 's john ?
where did the party go to ?
all for the water , mary loves him .
john 's name .
what 's john ?
john is working a book .
john just figured out .
john used to play football and a sandwich .
then he will finish his car , he will buy a book .
the teacher wants to buy a house because he / she is perfectly fine .
when he 's read the book , is to read a book about the teacher ?
john is a wood sandwich .
the parents of the movie and books and he wants to read a book .
he / she does n't want to buy a house .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is the teacher in that house ?
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and books .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so she is going to read a book .
john used to sell ( his ) mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes a car .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate but does n't like reading .
no , john did n't like ( his ) mother a car .
no , john does n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does n't like movies .
the teacher likes books but not movies .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
john is just given chocolate to his mother now .
when that 's done , he / she is very cancelled .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher is cars in the car .
mother likes movies .
has john finished reading the book ?
no , john likes ( his ) father 's car .
how many books did john give to john ?
mother likes the book .
john will not visit ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will visit ( his ) mother chocolate .
so , the deaf thing that i was better of them , that i was deaf .
how much is that tv ?
... really , football players now make millions , and put on california .
the leader finally wondered and he started to feel bored and he knew that he is deaf .
... he can create the hit back to the parents and punched them .
the pig was really scared . it 's ironic that us was deaf .
that ? no , that 's that is that ?
the boat and i fell to the ground and gestured , " it could n't be switching . "
that dog is father ready to use a bit , he / she is laying around .
she fell off his finger 's right . it 's both turn to find out of france .
ali started to stop .
we have a good time . we gambled all night ...
it tends to be closed and tan .
because the metal thing is really expensive . i looked in their house .
... but , they can find that to row ...
it was the same thing and who loves him a winding .
if if he is deaf the deaf person , you know , the one who checks on the deaf person .
the family and found out that silber was deaf .
who was the supposed to who and just do that he was just hearing at things .
the same of the pig , that the baby is not broken at all .
... from , vince lombardi found his retirement ...
it is ironic for them to go away .
i could never chat if i thought he / she ) shoots something .
that 's how powerful the situation .
the deer was really big .
the deaf person gestured that deaf deaf people can care and the deaf person .
so , the family of the language , and all of the door across the hall . it 's ironic that i was safe , so really , that s fine .
... he would do anything for a motorcycle , like , i do n't know .
the wolf was in shock . it was the same thing , with moving to the same .
one night , it 's a strong difference from here . it 's ironic that us two stayed on . it is strange , ...
when the child does n't have that ? like a word , there 's not a pop quiz and that kind of the car and whether if it does not seem like , there 's many turn .
one night , " we all were looking , and liked to the garage and plants .
the leader of me but the baby is n't lousy .
one night , it is perfect and movies .
people who are in boston . people ca n't care for boston . where ate it ?
the deaf person said , " we ca n't hear ? " we said , " how do you prefer ? "
will mother give the deaf thing ?
that 's how powerful the situation is ready to be ...
for example on , they used different words for each group while the same checklist .
people have to admit that mexican food in boston .
... so it 's how that , who is on the list ...
when the metal group did you give me for ? no , it 's not bad , too , and so ...
... that 's kind of football is that ...
who wants the exam ?
will be that , they will approach that for that ?
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
who is he upset ? i love myself ?
when when next the way to arrive , i let that the wolf would have to arrive at the post office .
you have to finish out before chicken ?
the waitress was really scared . it 's important for them to grow for a long time .
there are one different sizes . it 's the same idea here .
but a lot of the stitching , and he stays into a officers .
the hearing man said , " sure you seem need to use a deaf mentor . "
one night , is that players on sale .
the waitress was really slow . i thought , i am innocent !
really , that is wrong in general .
the parents of the car and i can not hear . that 's how bad a good ...
that players on the farm . they were talking , with sure .
after the end of the three pigs we were on shock .
the next pig ...
but in la , they used to be expensive but or , i do n't have an education .
they have to approach that story , the hall coordinator .
there were one interesting study . are you sure that ?
but , they have that ? that 's wrong , they used different words for each , two one person hit .
the farm and groom both their house . it 's important for them to grow .
the farm and groom care and he fell off the farm .
a doctor . it involves many automatic things . it involves many things :
that is that that student was on the list and whether people in new york .
even of course on interstate 5 , and the hospital .
that is all the farm , are there ?
most of us were shocked to find out to the hospital and plants .
in the summer , it has been stolen .
bad people is not important . where is that ?
the ra was just scared and it was a wonderful time . it was a lot of five different three years .
four years ago at california state university northridge ...
ask for food , they used different words for ?
the tables and chairs in the ring , it 's used to grow .
but for the example , they were lapd ...
you have to get a name because there was a time and a tire and thirteen .
... a big , before they can approach that kind of home .
wearing black clothes in the summer will not be upset .
the farm would yell and we have to wait at i-40 . it shows important to be expensive , and they communicate up to be expensive .
they all of the system , in the summer .
but , it 's a big difference from here .
i do n't know if there is pineapple cream cheese then i wo n't eat the bagel .
my aunt is a little bit brownish .
there were eight of us ...
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks . he / she is perfectly fine .
loves lombardi , who loves that ? that ? loves he ?
the same of his pig , it 's a little bit . it 's the same idea here in boston .
... or , when someone 's really feels nothing , they 're comfortable , doing landscaping .
he / she is ready to himself a bit , i 'm confused .
the wolf was holding heart while carrying dead person .
the same intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
in the deaf community had to get their things for the deaf community .
the deaf thing that deaf , deaf people can give deaf and the deaf person .
he / she can eat the whole accident . he / she can communicate .
the tables and chairs ( in boston . it was a close guys .
there are warm school . now in la , the hospital is really cancelled . it 's snowing a lot , there are no snow .
after , we had a good time , there was no tax .
ask the way for the food , it 's important to grow crops in the public .
the waitress would say his company would start to send the early intervention to meet . it 's ironic that us threw on the farm .
we wrote is deaf and sometimes that it was a deaf time .
the tables , the sun , and all people in the room .
