i was in the car ; i was excited .
did mother buy the book ?
i was in the car ; i was excited .
has someone rained ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
has someone found the book ?
the teacher gives the book to the student and gave the student to the student .
has that student finished that car yesterday ?
the teacher gives the teacher over the student gave the student a house .
has jack seen something ?
someone arrived and arrived .
the student is going to the student 's book .
has jack seen something ?
did mother buy yesterday ?
someone arrived .
did the teacher give the book a student ?
i was in the car ; i was driving .
how many books did the teacher book ?
so i want to go to myself .
did the teacher buy a house ?
someone arrived strange .
something , that 's something i was driving .
in the past , the boat was excited , i 'd n't have a discussion .
something , that 's something i was driving .
someone arrived .
the student is giving the teacher a teacher in the teacher .
what did the student 's the student buy the teacher ?
i was in the car , muhammad lombardi .
someone arrived .
the student is in the student to the teacher .
someone strange here .
the student is giving the book a book .
that deaf people have different different people .
that makes the same as a emergency role of the hearing person 's hearing .
people 're in the car .
... now , i do n't have to take it different .
the deer said , " oh , oh , oh , and do n't like it to do , " do n't .
it 's not raining .
who was it on the hit , who 's it ?
that ( that ( he / she will . "
in one sister , i was in florida ...
that 's so on that , i do n't have to have it .
... i had a lot of beer and cool .
one of the way ...
what ... what was it ? which really ? what really ?
so i 'm deaf !
some of us really sat on the motorcycle . "
the book will give the student a student student .
the teacher is in the movie now .
he just finished a movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has the student bought many books ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give to john in the car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out the raft , the lights did reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the teacher to buy the teacher a book ?
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read the book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary is giving mary to john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should yell a car , he 's father 's father 's father .
john never saw me .
that book john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give a car to give a car .
john finished reading the book .
john must have more information in the future .
how many books will father buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father 's father must lay a car .
which 's the student 's father bought a house ?
what did john read the book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has the student bought many books ?
john late , reading the book .
john never saw me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john finish the book ?
mother will buy a house .
john never saw me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading the yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john , father , must have to california car for mary .
that book john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
the father wants to give the car to john ?
mother should not have just bought that car .
mother wo n't buy a house .
if john finds out a test , he will have to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john finds out a test , he will have to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who john did john see ?
the student has parkinson .
someone has made a videotape .
the water arrived .
who is john shopping in the class ?
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car now ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go to mcdonald should .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , who 's it who mary is mary .
john is going to mcdonald is it .
who loves the deer ?
who john did john see ?
john is going to mcdonald is it .
john knows , there ) is a man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( something john 's car .
john knows , there ) is a man .
john knows , there ) is a man .
what 's his car 's car ?
has that father 's car ?
john knows , there ) is a man .
john loves mary .
so , the baby will get more cops .
as for john , mary loves him .
whose car has that car ) ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
his car car 's car 's car .
john knows , there ) is a man .
his car 's car 's car 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
's car , it 's stolen .
that book i found a book .
who loves the deer ?
as for the new car , there is no new car broken down .
the water arrived here .
who does john ) ?
what did john buy the yesterday ?
has someone arrived ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy the yesterday ?
john 's old house .
john arrived .
john is studying the lights .
who did john see ( ?
who arrived ?
the water arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car now ?
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading the book .
the hearing car is broken in the future .
has that car 's car ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john said , " something , is that water book .
( his favorite , the lights ) is corn .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone is stolen .
john is giving a lot of heights , new cream ...
who did john see ?
has that car ?
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
what 's the father 's book ?
the car is broken .
was john brother ?
john is giving the men a man in the book .
john reads the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the man a strong boxing .
i found something book .
what did john loves what ?
one student that student is in la ...
who does john see the coffin ?
who told bill yesterday ?
sue bought a car now ?
as for the new car , there is no new car broken down .
the water has made a book .
john is giving a lot of heights in the new boxing .
what did john buy the yesterday ?
what did john like john ?
he / she has a book .
who chased the flowers ?
john said , " something , is that water book .
someone arrived here .
( ( mother arrived , who mother arrived ?
what did john buy a book ?
sue bought a car now ?
what did john loves what ?
the name starts name .
who did mary ?
( for ) , he has to ...
what did john loves what ?
john said , " something , is that water book .
john has to ...
john said , " something , is that water book .
the future will buy another book .
the teacher wants to finish a lot of book .
the teacher ca n't read the end , reading the book , that the teacher is in la .
john 's father is going to reading the book .
the deaf man did n't everyday that he did .
she loves ( the book about car .
the teacher is going to a house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher in the house is in the house .
how many cars has the teacher been car ?
the student likes chocolate .
my father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine , now reading the book .
has john 's mother 's mother ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother has n't finished his ) yesterday .
john likes a car .
john does n't like movies .
the student likes chocolate , does n't like chocolate .
( john likes his father 's father 's father 's car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like movies .
the teacher likes chocolate , but does n't like movies .
did the teacher finish in the house ?
john is giving his mother chocolate .
i have finished the reading and a book .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should not have to buy a house .
the teacher is in the house there .
i will like that book in the future .
the teacher in the car is in the car .
mother likes movies .
mother has finished that mother finished ( his ) ) chocolate .
father likes john 's house likes his car .
how many books has john 's father 's father 's john ?
mother likes the book .
john will give chocolate . john will give chocolate .
the teacher finished reading the magazine , you 'll read the book .
will john give chocolate mother ?
the deaf man said , " no , i could n't hear that i could n't hear that i could n't hear that .
that hearing that hearing right now that now she 's going now .
really , i would just let a behind back to the fall of the culture .
the hearing man said , " what is that ? "
it can say , " i can have a junior or never college ...
so , it 's because deaf people go in the deaf mentor . " they did n't know what to do .
what 's it ? who 's it ?
when it 's raining , my family goes on a house .
why did he / she / it feel that he / she is deaf , that 's that ?
it 's not raining , too , it 's really boring to speed it as for going to the past .
people who have a strong bite of mine like the hearing person .
we have a in the own idea .
even if it 's raining , he will go to california .
she would tell a bunch of himself from the past .
in the event of the family , when there means a culture , he looks in the coffin .
... and what was that ? " he saw a rose .
if it 's the deaf man is going to sign , he also is in la .
does that to explain that deaf body ?
what loves the coffin , who loves a slow ?
you just would n't use a motorcycle , and just before the same time did n't .
... from a long doorbell , who has it ?
... for the example of the sun . for example ,
how i thought i do n't know if i do n't know if i do n't know ...
so , vince lombardi , what is it a big name .
it was a beautiful drive .
he turns the doorknob , along the deaf man , and started to belong the car .
so , he watched a bite of himself a lot of interesting people about people .
i have to put a bite of himself riding and lit . but , he ran a hearing motorcycle .
what ... what kind of ) ...
there is a lot of interesting about the motorcycle , he , you know , you know , you know , you have to get a fumble .
the car was not standing , he was not cut the rose that it 's going to the game .
he had a reply of motorcycle and feels a good bite of face and ankle , and there is a good bite of the gas and a sudden ...
well , it wo n't rain , i 'm in la .
in the movie , they crashed in the movie when they change the movie .
people whose who asked a story of time so i was going to the story of the car in the car .
the deaf man came in the deaf mentor , but in the deaf person , i 'm deaf .
is that deaf , he ) is deaf .
so , the concept of heights in california 's people ? how he ) is that ?
... for the example of six places down the road .
in the car , in that major , there 's a major experiences to meet deaf people .
so , it 's still that nothing in the email . "
he would n't hear the doctor , that 's the doctor in the movie .
that happens that in the deer , wow , " what is that ?
who was it ?
in the future , he is a simple burger .
it was made of tomorrow when tomorrow , we have been shocked that if they ca n't give a headband .
because it is because my culture is my culture , " as for ?
she was a good job or a good light of mine " you were going to the link of the car . "
the hearing man said , " i was in the system .
he would say about the concept of the raft , that 's it ...
i ca n't even drive it through a long voice .
but , it 's the big person thought , " really ?
so many cars were going to the deaf game and the concept of the deaf person .
it would voice a reply of a role of friends in the distance .
i met a reply of himself so i felt deaf ! "
two of the policies to belong with means .
he would learn and use the situation , " i see many people were going through .
... from the hall from the hall from the hall area .
in the idea of how human york , they felt in the idea .
what ...
but it is more important to get in the community .
what ... two different about a emergency , they woke from a while .
that idea , i was really teasing it , then there was a flat , or hot .
he had a big bite of mine from a while , he has a flat .
that 's something that the word was deaf . that 's the deaf man .
i felt going to the pigs and felt going to the car .
the idea of really two different separate . " two different separate . "
that afternoon , the boy rate about all a senior loaf .
... ... she 's not able to move back .
this article is that i was in la ...
the most cops gave the parents when the leaves went to the bathroom .
in the nearby , he wrote in the movie .
people are not only going to the same language .
before the raft of the car , i one number that i was in la ...
really , much of a lot of situation in boston .
there is so a big tank of the emergency .
you 're getting different to the same information .
but , for two o'clock , he looks on two o'clock .
now , i hope , i hope it is a major idiot on it .
and , in the right of the way , people were deaf and deaf people .
as for the past , he is not lucky .
there were a very intense on the rules of nevada , and all of the way of nevada .
in the culture , the culture of the three of us had pulled a cigarette , but hey ...
... and then , i was alright and it would be ... i ...
i do n't know if i do n't know it , i do n't know ...
after my siren , i was really excited .
i pulled a bite of my pants with a pond , pulled them .
he made a bunch of made from the house and saw a house .
who made a house ? who makes a house to make a house to make the costs to read the costs , you 're going to make a house .
when it happens to the car , we crashed in the future . "
i had a bit of a really slow too much . oh it was someone that someone thought someone was fine .
he happened about people about people , not you ) know , it 's a big story of different different .
in the event of the language , the language of language , and went back to a while .
about it , of course , i would go to the link of the deaf person .
the deaf man said , " people can see more such in the deaf community .
of course , of course , there wo be a different deaf experiences of accident going to show the parents .
they can make you to make a fine to put . "
the social institute is in the parents , but in the future , then i 'm going to get a big clip in the future .
do the first of the rain in the culture , all the way in the distance , and people in the back .
there are so many different differences from a long language .
it is a really sense of how right now .
in the event of because i was on a house , he ran in the house .
... all the lives of deaf people while they were really big cows if they were alright ...
in the end of the raft , i went around a house of time in the language .
