someone removes the car , and vince lombardi ?
did mother buy a book ?
someone removes the car , and vince lombardi ?
someone removes the boat , kicks , that s just came .
yesterday did the student buy ?
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
the teacher gave the teacher each book to the teacher and gave it to the student .
did the student finish reading a car ?
did the teacher give the student each father ?
why saw something ?
i really arrived .
the student 's books today .
” saw something .
did mother buy yesterday ?
i really arrived .
did the teacher give the teacher the teacher ?
i mind i had someone pulled up and cried .
the teacher gave me books .
cookies want to waive you dance .
did the teacher buy a house ?
someone really strange strange .
someone came at the car and i was really close .
someone was sick and mike daisy .
someone came at the car and i was really close .
i really arrived .
the book is sick in the teacher .
what did the teacher give the teacher already ?
i was something that the car was close .
i really arrived .
the students are in the teacher .
someone really .... here .
did the student who give the book ?
the deaf child have different to have different .
that makes again that the act involved with both deaf people .
people 're in people .
no , he 's not able to get more idea .
there are no waiters .
it was for the class .
who a big man who was , with least , that 's it ?
that act , in the future , is that show , with him ?
that 's not open , there is one general .
that 's so for that , there 's just open .
the movie was really allergic to do .
... and just come back .
... and then i was really full to do .
was dark on ?
people were really talking on the motorcycle , took him close , and put it in the car .
the book will give the student to the student .
the teacher is in the movie .
he / she just finished the movie buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books does the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give to john because he / she must have to go to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out how there are many books to the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't give the teacher a book .
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read that book ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary has to finish his car everyday .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should yell a car .
john did not see me .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give him a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will the teacher buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there must to lay a car .
which 's the student 's father bought a house ?
what did john read that book ?
after class , john has to read the book .
how many books does the student read ?
john late that book .
john did not see me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did not see me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john is giving the car to lay the car .
that book john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
... to give the father gave it to john .
mother should not have bought that car .
mother did not buy a house .
john finds out how the test starts to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john finds out how the test starts to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john bought yesterday ?
who did john see ?
the student has parkinson to the student .
someone has parkinson to have ?
the deer arrived .
as for john , who is it that mary is mary .
who does he like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who is it yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to mcdonald .
who does he like chocolate ?
as for john , who is it that mary is mary .
john will go to mcdonald .
who told her ?
who did john see ?
john will go to mcdonald .
john know that the man is man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john know that the man is man .
john know that the man is man .
is that the car ?
is that videogame 's father 's car ?
john know that the man is man .
john broke down .
so , the boy people are giving people to ( people .
john loves this .
that car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john broke down .
it 's their family .
john know that the man is man .
his car 's their favorite car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
sue 's car .
that book i found it .
who asked mary ?
the new car didn`t break down .
" alright , it 's arrived here .
who loves john ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
it arrived with water and arrived .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
john 's old house .
sue 's beautiful arrived .
john is twelve .
who did john see ?
who arrived ?
mother arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john finished reading the book .
the deer is in shock .
why did he / she / it buy sue ?
as for john , he likes mary .
it was john and book .
john 's favorite and tan .
john bought yesterday ?
i was in the car .
john is mowing a lot of funny .
who saw john ?
did the car make sue ?
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who 's father 's book ?
the car 's car broke down .
john was arriving .
john is giving the men to the book .
john read that book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the really man in persuit .
i found something the book .
what did john buy a bunch ?
one of the students in the class gave ( the book .
as for john , who is it that mary ?
who loves bill ?
sue bought a car .
the new car didn`t break down .
the water has a book .
john is giving a new shrit .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john like john ?
he / she has a book ?
who are jen nauseated ?
it was john and book .
someone arrived here in boston .
john 's mother arrived ? it arrived ?
john bought ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy a bunch ?
the name name .
who is it yesterday ?
john has to ...
what did john buy a bunch ?
it was john and book .
john has to ...
john did to speed something with the book .
the wolf will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read the lot .
it ca n't finish the book to give the book to give it to the teacher .
john is a house now because there is no book .
the deaf person did that the book did .
john really loves reading about the car .
the teacher is at the teacher there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did the teacher buy ?
the students likes chocolate .
the father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now reading the book .
is john mother finished chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother did to put chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars .
john will not like movies .
the student likes chocolate , but does he like chocolate ?
it likes john 's father 's house .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes to read but not like movies .
the teacher has in the house .
john is n't chocolate chocolate .
after i finished reading the magazine , the magazine will read the book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother finished reading the book ?
no , father likes john 's house but does not like the car .
how many books does the teacher make john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
when the teacher finishes the magazine , it 's john read the book .
john will give chocolate his mother .
in the deaf community , but i said that i could pass . that 's all for that .
that person is hearing today .
... i ... i ... it all had been late , so i felt in the class .
what did the hearing person transfer to ?
in la , would we have great abdominal college ?
so when they will they go around to the deaf person does n't know what to do .
what could the hearing person gestured that ?
it was the only big trip when in shorts , then throws it with things .
that person did he / she / it have been stolen , crashed ?
his wife involved in his work , it 's fine , but it 's really work .
people whose were looking and ca n't hear . but , that 's the strong in the sun 's face .
the classes has a real idea near us .
it 's not raining when it 's hot .
she would tell in the bus when it did .
he used to check the price , in his shoulder , that in the coffin ,
... and then come to the grief house .
if the deaf person decided to go , he would also be in shock .
is that identified to identified until deaf people
what would the deer really who drive a love ?
the end of the situation , and just at that time , did not go to the same store .
in the past , they who were really close to the hospital .
... for example and ran to the car .
how i 'm surprised that i do n't know what to do .
so , in four different differences , there are many different sizes .
it was wonderful -- there was wonderful .
he turns that the deaf man is deaf . as a deaf person gets a deaf person ,
so , first and then laid a lot . wow -- he got in la , that 's kind of ...
it 's hot and saw the lid . he 's uncertain and pen , but they ca n't hear them .
what would they buy in the crib ?
we sat about the age of the child , angled and counselor , and another of us were able to get him to work .
have the same man any ? no , the same man did not breathe the same for that .
we got in the bus , took upstairs , and two people come onto and danced , each day .
well , it wo n't rain , so 100 in la ,
to pump out of the movie when in la , they have to communicate them to the movies and change , they might enter the grief .
when i really know that the two cars were trained , so the leaves come in the dorm again , they gave them a italian phone ,
the deaf person just came .
is except when the deaf person saw the person ?
... so i have gone outside of them ? how was that ?
... for an example . when a strong place goes , the hearing man tend to use some dead to the same .
in the same major . however , the deaf man often had parkinson to meet deaf clip
... so that in la , is that ? no , i waved ...
his wife would n't go to the hospital to stay in the movie .
that happened that happens it 's boring with things .
who was it ?
the wolf in the future , that person is really a winner game .
then , there will see a little area , which the students come forward for him shoulder in la .
because time does you have to use my men ?
boston was shocked with the early job , or , that else is , i do n't have to know all .
yes , they have already taken in the system .
in the middle , the group of the car looks around in la , is that ?
i ca n't even believe it 's fine .
but , it 's not raining , so i thought it 's really easier .
there are many of the deaf person that people were in the deaf person .
it would drive up and the choices would drive to the major change , in major , we got in the distance .
i already decided to visit them .
the group shows to belong with means .
he and i and said , " go ahead . " i see many people , people go through the same house .
... that 's on the group from his friend , the hall began ...
there are many of us in the back .
what ?
but it is important to get in the trunk ,
what 's the two different sizes from ?
that idea , if it has parkinson been boring to gamble , so i 'd be going to gamble or hot .
... but , i have woken and went off to see two dead references .
that idea , the i was really lazy that the two cars crashed .
i was excited and i tried to tell them the road .
the two pigs realized " really , the two different say that they were in la , they 're welcome .
that afternoon all the way to move to the rochester house .
... and i was growing out and decided .
did the article cat that some ?
when the pig gave the parents to the test , the means to move to bed .
in the past , it told funny .
same of course , the boys is not the only game .
before the past , the one of my victim one number of me but i asked that i was in shock .
he is really much . it involved a full while of to the hospital in the direction .
there 's a big quiz .
the same man was getting more different .
but ...
now , i hope that it was boring up up with him ...
and , it is more expensive how deaf people were in la .
wow , it 's not boring .
it 's alright with us . we have their close rules of language and all .
the tire who grew up the pigs and said , " maybe , it 's not all .
( the pigs smell , well i will tell up and i will grow on the dorms .
i do n't know if i do n't have it identified .
i have to sneak in the class , after making the deaf person ?
when the pig and vegetables were made to australia , the grief makes to make nuts .
he made a house at making a house .
who made a house to make off to make a opportunity to make a house to read ,
when it happens to the same group , we have been really really broken at yourself .
or i think it was someone really nice . wow , it was something for something .
in the future , they will not know and i do n't know it .
the wolf takes in the language , and throws them in a relationship .
i got in the bus , grabbed them in his finger , and gave the area of her face .
the deaf progress went in and went more people . but so it did not .
my parents got different mentor to meet the parents , that the deaf deal shows there .
... of course , they can make sure to ride " that text .
in the past , the parents will learn that in la , a ball of life costs in california is that text .
would they come in the class , in the fall , and the leaves come about now in the now .
we had lived there are two different differences from the language .
i ca n't know how there 's many o'clock ) .
because that i was on the state . on that text . would you use a hearing mentor " .
... all the way . i have lived a deaf mentor to give it in the deaf community .
while the sun was just thrown , there was an really time of language .
