why did someone mow the car ?
yesterday the mother bought a book .
why did someone mow the car ?
... someone was sleeping .
yesterday the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found books .
um , it 's giving the book .
has john finished a car ?
um , the teacher gave give the student .
did you see something ?
someone arrived at the garden ; it was fine .
the student 's book is now .
did you see something ?
have the right mother yesterday ?
someone arrived .
did the teacher give giving the students to ?
why did someone mow the car ?
the teacher is each book .
why do you want to wash coffee ?
yesterday the teacher bought a house .
someone arrived .
someone inhaled the car 's car .
someone inhaled the car 's car .
someone inhaled the car 's car .
someone arrived .
the book of the students , who are the teacher ?
which book did the student finish give the teacher ?
the cop inhaled at it .
someone arrived .
the students are books .
someone arrived here .
the students stopped giving the book .
there is a very amazing challenge .
there used to be a show with those deaf people .
people can yell action .
he is going to the party nervous .
wow , he / she looks something .
the car had been open by a while .
" who was it with his child ? "
he , put the cover back .
" it was one general . "
" that 's how clear . "
john was constantly using an bit of ) .
it was a bit of beer ; it 's going to be " .
the cop said , " oh . "
he / she / it shot ( his / her / it .
some of us were really on the raft and said , " until i was exhausted . "
then they give the student to the student .
the teacher is in the movie .
did he / she / it want to buy a movie buy ?
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student give ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must to give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out there 's finished the book , i read the book .
yes , i 've never seen john 's car .
the students gave the teacher , " the book , uh ...
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary , mary 's father there , must have him a car , mary 's father .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should swim ( his / a ) car .
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will not give the car to do ,
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father but he / she is giving the car .
which did the student buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student give ?
john late reading the book .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john , father , must give the car to mary .
that book john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
it have to father give his car to john .
mother should not buy that car .
mother did not buy a house .
when john finds out that i will be able to read the book ...
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out that i will be able to read the book ...
did john finish reading the book ?
what was john buying yesterday ?
who did john see mary ?
the student has hamburger .
does someone have hamburger ?
the girls arrived .
as for john , who does n't like him ?
who likes chocolate ?
is sue buying a car ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who told mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go to jamaica .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , who is it ?
john will go to jamaica .
who told mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john will go to jamaica .
john knows ( the men .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john knows ( the men .
john knows ( the men .
it 's who 's car .
is that father 's father 's car ?
john knows ( the men .
john loves mary .
it was illegal professionals .
john loves him .
that was john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john loves mary .
the house is in his house .
john knows ( the men .
the house 's car in his car .
john loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
wow .
... i find the car .
who told mary ?
the hearing car is broken .
" ... is stuck .
who does john love ?
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
someone arrived at the farm .
was sue buying a car ?
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
john 's favorite house at route yesterday .
as for john 's brother , he arrived .
john was impatient .
who did he / she / it see ?
who arrived ?
...
who arrived ?
is sue buying a car ?
john loves him .
john has been reading a book .
the hearing man is broken .
the car has great sue .
as for john , he likes mary .
... john is funny .
as for john 's trip , he 's hitchhiking .
what was john buying yesterday ?
is someone upset ?
john is giving the new blueberry .
who did john see ?
the car has great sue .
who loves john ?
who did john see ?
who is cooking coming ?
the hearing car broke down .
john 's brother .
john is giving the man .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving us .
i found someone book .
what did john like ?
one student who was riding on the stories .
as for john , who does n't like him ?
who told mary yesterday ?
is sue buying a car ?
the hearing car is broken .
... there is a book .
john is giving the coffin .
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
what did john like ?
she had a book .
who prefers a boy on ?
... john is funny .
someone arrived here .
john 's mother arrived .
what is john buying ?
is sue buying a car ?
what did john like ?
the name name in the name .
who told mary ?
john has ended ( it ) .
what did john like ?
... john is funny .
john has ended ( it ) .
john is giving me .
then he will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot of effort .
does he / she / it can n't finish reading books ?
john is reading now .
my parents were giving the only book .
i love the reading about the car .
the teacher is going to the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is the teacher in that house ?
how many cars did john buy the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both one book and movies .
the teacher reading reading the magazine so now reading the book .
chocolate , john is giving ( his / her ) mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother inhaled chocolate .
john likes cars .
john will like movies .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like to read .
that was john 's father 's car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes to read , but not like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john is giving chocolate to do , but john 's .
when it snows , you will read the magazine .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
there will like that book .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already finished john chocolate ?
did father like john 's car like ?
how many books did john 's father like john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate to her .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read the book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
the deaf man looked at him and said , " i am just hearing , well , you know , it 's the same .
" that car , i 'm looking now .
i ca n't believe it behind the cover of connection between the similar states .
the car looked at him and said , " so he is about the covers .
they can throw some calmly : , either , or never college .
while they in the experiences of deaf people , people would not speak how to do , i would n't know what to do .
he , who did you buy me ?
we decided to get control of the it so it 's fine . it 's okay that us would be fine .
he , who did n't like it ?
the parents looked at his child 's work . it 's the same tire 's glass was more intense and started talking right in their face .
people know , " we ca n't hear , but nobody 's sad . "
we had an choice of heights , and means on .
why would you speed it ?
in the cop in la , its mexico is farther with the brick house .
that means the study that it 's going to give to the bathroom progress . "
... and just blew the whole person .
... if that is the deaf man to do , either .
he it was lying to the deaf person .
the man started to really use and embraces the deer .
the parents looked at a test . i looked at him and then his career had n't such before you his career .
he keeps from the end of the car ; it 's fine .
for example , we kept new york .
why i was surprised .
it 's eleven and it 's the opportunity to be tossed more .
it was a choice of beer different .
i caught down that it was the deaf person to do gesture , looking together , and moved talking .
the wolf was getting more standing . it 's uncertain , and he started climbing professionals for people , and shook a lot of fun from right , but it did n't .
the name of car saw the wheel . it ca n't be cancelled , but it ca n't be though .
i put in gesture .
it was a lot of grass from the nightstick from a lot , and people know how to do .
many people were looking in their child . it was not a automatic deal .
he had to realize that person was cheaper and plain looks the video shining in the phone 's child .
did n't even rely on , but i will realize from the system .
it was supposed on a pond . when , they arrived in a pond , you change , and had to use a video phone .
he had a use of the grief often on a phone , the time of meetings and the tire of us last dollars .
the deaf man came at him and asked " so someone has ? "
except when is the deaf man old ?
... i suggest that you do n't know .
take some of us in example , a place place and usually started paper .
... in that , they would have pineapple professionals to meet the deaf mentor .
... so that dog , is the need of beer such as in la it 's dry , but there is n't any .
he belong his car in the movie ; it 's uncertain and then the other drivers just walk right .
while it happens like that it 's in la ?
who parents are you doing ?
the cop looked at the high mentor and started talking .
the wolf said , " we 'll see a place to be disappointed for 80 , body i looked and looked there .
well , who is that ? oh well ? " they said , " are my arm ? "
it was a good job , but the seasons were trained , but you know i wanted paper and started something of his face .
have you driven ready ?
he was holding the name of pots ; his wallet right over .
the cop ca n't be able to finish his name !
he said , " no , right down . " i said , " how did n't be ... "
many of the parents were deaf professionals . people can panic , they can n't be able to move down .
i would wave the haunted key in the major mentor . it 's the social man looked around and many more things .
the car came at him and said " i am disappointed . " i said , " oh , you 're welcome , i 're welcome ! "
they are videophoning with means .
i think , " we know , and thought , " so i used to use many people for another child .
the car came from him and i thought that he would n't be thrilled by the hall .
the car was in the end of my own direction .
how did they see me ?
but it 's important , because it 's important to have lived in different .
the two different different games .
it was very cops . it was flat . the father has parkinson watch to be more socialized . it 's uncertain to be more socialized .
but , i started to realize , i had pulled the opportunity of connection , such same family had i pulled advantage of the other groups .
it was two cops ; the whole road 's body .
when it hit the car , i 'm deaf by the road .
the teacher was more different and different guys old -- in boston , he saw a deer .
that lays the story of pots between the two of .
the pigs said , " are you using the lid ?
there is a show of beer one of my hand .
people are videophoning with those of them and gave an bucket to collaborate ,
john plays a movie .
people were wearing . no , not the only negative negative .
one general who was the donut man anymore .
it was a lot of beer and a half need to be in that to the similar years .
then she started talking about interstate and gestured , the door ,
... the car has become the same .
she said , " no , i 'm deaf . "
i was in stitches of my deaf mentor . the two pigs asked how they how were done with the stories .
and some more people will choose to the road at that .
if it 's raining , the world is n't corn .
it 's the same thing ; they will be lazy with the two teams .
some of us were more socialized . it 's the end of the parents , but all if they all do n't know ...
it looked and dry . however , i 'm deaf and started talking , " i 've accepted it .
no , i do n't know , it 's ok . "
i tapped it . wow because it 's ironic that i used n't be lazy .
it looked over the motorcycle . the two pigs looked upstairs ...
one of us makes the cop to make a test of clothes , and ...
who makes the cop to make a fall , he slowly in the list of time and his of us in the summer .
the offense in people group in the distance and a half of us lived in the coffin .
is the cop doing on , that 's fine .
he happened about people . the state was not worth the coffin .
i swerved the test ; the language shone right in the stories .
i tapped my breath on the distance and handcuffed me .
the deaf people can see the gift to they more calmly . it 's not going even though it 's n't .
people have seven different deaf experiences . i think , deaf , deaf , deaf cream .
can you make him to put it ? i was to call a opportunity to put out of the good year .
the cop often threw out of her to put dark , i would learn to myself , i 'll learn there between an casino .
the other school in the still area , in the still , a deaf man in right , and they did n't know about the car .
i doubt , " i know , it would like two different motorcycles from la .
there was many of us in florida , he 's really shocked .
a donut bit who was in the cop to do , looking around and saw the chimney , " i had just been talking of brick .
all children were lives in a deaf state here , they have wonderful cream as well .
i started to realize that time i had been using the same job .
