it was funny , it 's raining .
yesterday mother bought a book .
it was funny , it 's raining .
someone was funny to rain .
yesterday bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone found a book .
dana is giving the teacher a book of the book .
did he / she / the students finish a car ?
dana is giving the teacher to give to the student .
why did you see something ?
someone arrived . i arrived .
the student is now broken now .
did you see something ?
is the book of mother buying yesterday ?
someone arrived .
did the teacher give the teacher to the teacher ?
" it was funny , and it rains .
the teacher is giving them a book .
why do you want to keep a car ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
someone arrived . i arrived . "
" it 's something . it 's not funny . "
someone was eating a big distance .
" it 's something . it 's not funny . "
someone arrived .
the parents are in the teacher .
which books did the student give the teacher ?
it was something , she 's not hungry .
someone arrived .
the students are in the teacher .
someone is strange here . "
the students are giving the book .
that deaf people have different people .
you know that you had been involved to the deaf person .
people actions work actions .
he would ask the groups that i had different cream .
was you going to himself ?
so i had been looking to the bathroom .
you know it was a car .
he is in the decision of her ) .
i 'm not excited .
that 's that .
john is constantly driving a bunch of day .
one thing that ( some ) .
i was in the back of my friend .
is she / she / it 's car ?
some of us were really standing on the stage .
the book will give the student to the student .
the teacher is in the movies .
he would buy the movie to buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student give ( ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out there were a test , read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gives the teacher to the teacher .
why did father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
she is in john 's father must report a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should finish a car to the car .
john never seen me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give a car to the car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father is giving the car to mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student give ( ?
john late finished reading the book .
john never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john reads a book .
mother will buy a house .
john never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , will he read the book ?
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father is giving a car , but mary must clean a car .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has reading the book .
you must father give his car to john .
mother should not buy that car .
mother did not buy a house .
when john finds out , i will have to read it on my head .
mother will buy a house .
did john read reading the book ?
when john finds out , i will have to read it on my head .
has john finished reading the book ?
what is john buying yesterday ?
as for john , who did mary see mary ?
the students have sister .
someone has sister .
women arrive .
as for john , who did mary see him ?
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
whose car told mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the tv .
who likes chocolate ?
john see a bunch of himself ) .
john is going to the tv .
as for tell you ) ?
as for john , who did mary see mary ?
john is going to the tv .
john know he / her is that ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john know he / her is that ?
john know he / her is that ?
whose car is that ?
is that that 's father 's car ?
john know he / her is that ?
as for john , mary loves him .
people would visit a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
whose car is that ?
that john is john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
as for john , mary loves ( him ) .
his car is in the new car .
john know he / her is that ?
( for his ) car , a car 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
whose ?
someone 's car was stolen .
i found a bunch that book .
" who told mary ?
the car 's car broke down .
i arrived here .
who did john love ?
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
" someone is trying to arrive . "
sue bought a car .
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
john is in the old house store .
as for john 's brother , arrived .
john is shocked , the person thought .
who did he / john see a ?
who arrived ?
he arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john has been reading the book .
frank is a bit that car broke down .
as for the car , a car is not buying .
as for john , he likes mary .
does john give something that book ?
as for john 's sister , i 'm thinking .
what is john buying yesterday ?
someone was stolen .
john is giving the men there for a new sister .
who did john see ?
is that car that i was a car .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
whose book is that 's book .
frank is not frank .
as for john , he arrived .
john is giving the men to the hospital .
john reads a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the men to the new sister .
i found something book .
what did he / john ) love ?
the student is fun to the student .
as for john , who did mary see him ?
whose bill told bill ?
sue bought a car .
the car 's car broke down .
there is a book .
john is giving the men to the new sister .
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
what did he like john ?
she has a book .
who is a vegetarian dog ?
does john give something that book ?
someone arrived here .
john 's mother arrived .
what is john buying a book ?
sue bought a car .
what did he / john ) love ?
the name is named to the movies .
whose car told mary ?
john has a car .
what did he / john ) love ?
does john give something that book ?
john has a car .
is john shopping that book ?
will you buy another book ?
the teacher wants to read a lot that book .
he would n't finish reading the book to read that book .
john 's house is reading the book .
my parents had a big breath of car .
why did he / she / it love reading about a car ?
the teacher is that there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house with her house .
how many cars did the car buy a car ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both a book and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine now reading the book .
is john 's mother 's mother ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother was eating chocolate .
john likes a car a book .
john wo n't like movies .
the student likes chocolate . he likes chocolate .
dana likes that a father a car is that 's car .
why did n't john like chocolate ?
mother likes the movie .
the teacher likes to read to the movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john is eating chocolate .
when she has been reading the magazine , he will read the book .
the student did not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
i will like that book in the future .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already finished a car to john ?
my father likes john 's car . he likes it .
how many books did john 's father have ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read the book .
john will give ( his ) mother .
the deaf man looked at him and i know it . i would know it .
he / she / it ran over .
really , you are really upset behind the values of mine , you mean they would stand to the unless . "
you know , " you know , " so he / she is going to transfer to ? "
you decided to be looking to the bathroom , and have never bought a house .
when in the event of the experiences , deaf person . he did not know how to do it .
who did you know it ? i was trying to know it .
you would notice to the bathroom , so so i was driving . we were okay . "
he would say yes , he did n't know that he / it is that he / she is for ? he / she ) is that ?
his father would 's like his work to the bathroom from moving the door of mine and the old and the old .
who would be looking to everyone , i do n't know it that 's wrong .
we have an opportunity that i had an opportunity to ? "
if you are going to the need , " you will speed to the bathroom . "
she would see a bunch of car in the distance and even .
so that means the culture that means to give to the beach that person looks to move to me . "
... and worse that ? who did he / she / it see himself ?
if he is deaf , he has been looking to tell a lot of it .
he identified that identified to the straight " the deaf person
you know it who started to use the coffin of mind . what did you buy ? "
you would be looking to go his career , like his career .
he would be looking up to the bathroom ; i was in shock .
in example , for example , so you know .
how i was was shocked , i do n't know .
so , yes , i was a complete story .
i was trying to take a car .
he identified his hands of the deaf person " that 's deaf .
so , the study of the car is really lazy . i was really bored about people .
the name said , " i saw me , i am deaf , but you would not know but he would tell ? "
what did you reflect in my friend , what 's the wrong concept .
i would say a lot of effort from the deaf , the book would know " i was looking to the parents who would be looking to the parents because their / it is . "
many people were looking to the same . he did n't really like it .
the hearing person said , " i have been afraid , so i had been looking to tell a good and cool . " i have to meet a good jail and cool . "
if i did n't even get to the other , the deaf system .
you used to check the movie when he arrived . when they change , they must take them , and they must take a voice of test .
if they had to use the phone , the phone is in the phone , in the phone , and vegetables of the " phone .
the deaf person came .
when did the deaf man study ?
so , i did n't know it was how people did .
... for example . for example , some killed his place . they tend to tell him .
people in that major story often have pineapple experiences to meet the deaf people .
so , the same man is broken . he is around around . he is around around .
you belong his / her car . he did n't be able to inform me that 's wrong .
... that happened that happened with me .
who is it ?
in the future of the car , that person is high . he was just teasing .
we would see a place to the place of the car , that went to the bathroom and plants came to the car .
whose of it because he is my culture of me .
her would be a good job , or a good minute , that 's wrong . i was to know that if they are really going to help it .
you have finished off the system .
he would ask a concept from the concept ; my birth is that he would n't move . "
i could n't realize his / her car through their own .
but he / she is a bit of heights , i 'm deaf .
many in the experiences of deaf people have the charge with a while , and its concept is to be able to inform it .
i would be looking to the opportunity to move together and have some much power in the major .
the car did n't like me . i met me . i looked again . "
they are looking with means in the future .
you know to learn and use that to me .
she would n't know he / she would n't like a hall .
i did n't like my hands into the hospital .
how did he / she / it see a car ?
but it is more important , it 's important to get in different .
you were different , so you were going from the two .
he would bring me that i was bored going to move , or they would mean until they would mean to interpret . "
but she had to shake me , you know , and have to compare them and use you know . "
four of the two cars was that that idea .
he expressed a bunch of himself and killed a sign of car .
the idea of the system more , more different , and they were following up .
that lays the experiences that we are in la .
the raft are in the distance of the lid .
there are many people struggling on .
in the most , the other of the two of us did really give me to the reporter .
as for the baby , he wrote a b .
people are on the only group .
one number that i had been a big story that i was deaf .
i would be driving to the bathroom in that party major major .
he would n't know about plastic , and i crashed .
my car is getting like the same .
but for the nearby group , i 'm deaf .
i was in the email , i 'm deaf .
and are more warm how people were in that world .
if it 's raining , there did n't have to go .
it has been his / she / it has been their close , and with voice .
some of us are more big . it has a number of car .
... and i was really bored , but i 'm deaf .
no , i do n't know it was you know , i know it . "
i noticed it was no pineapple sister , so i was driving it .
you make a bunch of himself and made to do it .
you make a cop to make a cop to make a hearing anniversary of mine " and saw a house .
who makes a cop that makes a cop , he made ( he / she enters a negative and started to block a problem .
when in the event of friends , there will have been a close accident when he / she is broken and dry .
or i think someone that i was wrong to think " someone or something . "
he would n't know about people . he did n't know that to the ra .
the sun of the reporter ; the language is cut to the movies and pen .
she would yell my hands into my friend , and his knee . "
deaf people can see a bunch to see it more , but if they did not . "
deaf before you have been deaf , deaf experiences .
he would make mary to put a hearing list of situation .
it would be a donut mentor to everyone that i will learn that to myself .
in the event of the study , school is in the coffin , and they did n't know about it .
so you want to discuss two different orientation from the growing language .
he had been in la , he has been in rit .
it was because he was on the raft , they know , and saw you know that i had been looking you know that i had had to believe you know that i had to know and saw you know . "
all live in the deaf people have been big , really big . if you 're really big , it 's even big .
you know , " you know , you know , and started the door off .
