someone was breaking the house .
did mother buy a book ?
someone was breaking the house .
what did the friends drive to ?
mother bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
the teacher wants to give the teacher to the teacher .
did the student 's mother buy a car ?
the teacher wants to give the teacher to the teacher .
did you see something ?
someone prefers coffee .
the teacher is in the house .
have the air traveled before ?
did mother buy a car ?
someone arrived late ?
after the teacher finished reading the book ?
someone arrived at the house , it 's impossible to hang out of it .
the teacher cleans the classroom .
do you want an money ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
someone arrived .
someone found my keys , it looks like bustun .
the someone who was , what was it ?
someone found my keys , it looks like bustun .
someone arrived late ?
the students contributed money to listen to the teacher .
what did the student put ( the teacher ) ?
does to send the rose to meet ?
someone arrived late ?
all the students each read a book .
has someone seen joan ?
the students contributed reading a book .
dana has a deaf story .
... from however , and um ...
people are playing toys .
ask for the children , they are in europe .
are your clothes on sale ?
what is the students going on ?
" what 's going on ? " the hearing man said , " really ? "
. that 's how powerful the language is . that ...
what had the video phone clear ?
that 's after typical of us .
my aunt is giving jana toys .
the pigs started to speed up to 90 . the hearing person looked at the meter and thought " wow ! " .
all of us got in the spa .
where do you plan to travel ?
really , some lombardi , as we were ready ...
will the student will listen ?
the teacher is in here now .
the teacher bought a book .
why should father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
the student 's name crashed .
mother will buy a house .
john has already yet yet finished reading he book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary has used to buy a car .
the students made on and house .
mother should buy a car .
john should not have a car .
john did n't buy the car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will eat ( his ) mother a car .
john has reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father 's favorite john 's life .
the student is n't good , is both buying a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john has visited reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
john has just finished reading the book .
john did n't buy the car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't buy the car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that girl john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must read a book .
that book john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
you have to give ( his ) mother a car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds the window , he will panic .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds the window , he will panic .
did john finish reading the book ?
john what does n't buy yesterday .
who saw john ?
the students do n't breakdown .
someone should the library .
where did you take off ?
john just finished mary to mary .
who like chocolate ?
sue bought the car .
john bought a boy 's car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the mouse , who was it ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who like chocolate ?
john just finished mary and mary .
john will go .
who failed mary ?
who saw john ?
john will go .
john knows the answer .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
whose car is that ?
is that videogame 's car ?
john knows the answer .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
the three pigs had to be patient .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that car is broken .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john is giving the girl mary .
the girl is broken .
john knows the answer .
that is that 's car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone has the car and whether if it was ?
i will find out that book .
who found john ?
france 's car is broken .
why should they move ?
who loves john ?
john bought a bunch of pots .
who failed the exam ?
sue bought the car .
john bought a bunch of pots .
john is a good house .
john found his keys .
john watches tv .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
has the air arrived ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought the car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
john is reading a book .
the car is really broken .
whose car is that ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john is waiting the book .
john is waiting until keys .
john what does n't buy yesterday .
someone prefers the car .
john is deleted a house .
who did john see yesterday ?
whose car is that , the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john put yesterday ?
as for the children , who 's it ?
the car is broken .
john just arrived .
john is a good dog .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is lucky a house . there is a john 's house .
i found a keys .
what did john hit me ?
how many children does that have ?
john saw an old sandwich .
as for bill , who loves it ?
sue bought the car .
france 's car is broken .
how many books has the baby ?
john is giving a vegetarian sandwich .
john bought a bunch of pots .
i was enjoying the drive .
how many books did he / she / it have a lot of eat ?
who supports new york ? ?
john is waiting the book .
someone arrived late .
john just finished mother arrived .
john what wants to buy a house .
sue bought the car .
what did john hit me ?
the weather is / was cool .
as for the mouse , who was it ?
john has two mice .
what did john hit me ?
john is waiting the book .
john tends to hit the sack .
john is waiting the turkey sandwich .
have you gone to read ?
the teacher are in that any of the students .
when that 's chocolate , the teacher is n't broken , the teacher will read to a book .
john has a big house .
my parents makes the students been a book .
dad likes red books . he has chocolate cereal .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is really scary .
how many cars has john read ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes the book .
the teacher has finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a magazine .
chocolate , john is giving mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars and gave it a ticket .
john will not like the movies .
the students likes chocolate , but does n't like chocolate .
john does n't like the car to john .
john does n't like chocolate .
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes , does n't like chocolate .
the teacher has a lot of magazines .
john is giving chocolate to mother now .
when that 's done , the students have to read .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like a book .
the teacher is car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
no , john likes chocolate cereal .
john did n't move to john .
mother likes chocolate .
john will not like chocolate to mother .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read the book .
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
the deaf man said , " you know , i can not hear that deaf ! i did n't deaf .
that is that story .
it happened one night , two players crashed . well , yes , the language game would be up .
the hearing person wondered he could n't hear .
they can hit me . she has an set to put up .
after probably wondering , i will not socialize when it rains .
since my family , who was around good ?
we had lost the same person had a deaf mentor from mine .
ask for the children . on interstate 5 at one years .
why is n't that kind of food is bald ?
the group was deaf , but we ca n't deaf .
we decided to have hamburger and french fries , something simple .
even one of all , right now . both states ...
of course , it gets a little bit .
that makes the list of wymoning . we probably get our meat from now .
... and then , who was just thrown to ? " it 's ok , and then the two cars .
if a deaf child does not have a deaf mentor , he will continue at them .
that 's how powerful the language is .
the hearing man was excited . he has been confident that she has been caught .
... and i do n't know , it started to be hearing .
from rodney king , who were on the same .
for rodney king , when we for seven years .
i have no clue ! i was driving .
how many kids has that far ,
we were lucky , but rick perry is n't .
from rodney king , that kind of deaf people ca n't .
so anyway , the deer will realize and embraces the situation to the deaf person .
the parents would go to a deaf mentor , he got into an accident .
you know , the sports is lousy ; the parents were churning all over .
my wife asked , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? "
many people are not in many toys , they are not good . are you using the wrong thing . " " yes , it does n't have a deaf screening . "
the third person said , " really ? oh well . "
i did n't even look back .
it makes sense . the study is awful . when the students come to stop about high school .
people are in jana toys .
the deaf man said , " really ? oh well . "
the hearing man thinks that he / she does n't have to buy a house .
sue was jumping by , but we said .
... for more than seven years . for now , seems about the same .
people are in high 3 or 4 in many people .
so , she makes the doctor . we ca n't stay down .
people were not very outgoing , audiologist , welcoming in the community .
that 's after that , the girl is cancelled .
who bought the flowers ?
will that for food when they will get ?
while they brought the arm to the hall coordinator .
my friend wants to love problems .
i refused the rope to the ra 's door handle and to the door open .
then i has never left before ,
the study shows that the metal thing ; they all screamed and locked the door .
why would n't you ask the wrong key ? can they get hungry ?
but , the family wants to get nervous and their grief years on their farm .
many people are in many toys , a child would go to a deaf mentor .
sometimes . he makes the three pigs that are all wood .
... like one years year , i woke up and threw them in a dorm .
they are giving jana toys .
the parents are in high intense . when that kind of technology here is .
the same of us were shocked to find out all of trouble .
on the classes , they grow different words for each group .
the deaf man goes into the deaf air ; they were sitting ...
but anyway , they were lapd , but we 'll still love it but that drop . "
from rodney king , that 's two typical .
that 's so typical of wymoning . that meat ...
so he explained the situation to the hall coordinator .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
my aunt makes the situation to the hall coordinator .
the donut change is really scared . when the third pigs said , " really ? "
that of us that overall , is six fun .
third of us were shocked the same checklist .
the air is really close to the house .
most of the pig makes two between the doors .
it is a hard interpreter here in boston . it was a close game .
people are not very outgoing , friendly , welcoming in the community .
before , they will ask the gift tonight .
of course , boston has four different seasons .
... now has a show now today about boston .
there were eight of us ... yes , it 's important to hang out .
the same intervention the pig 's tended to be nervous and their grief .
i picked up the shampoo bottle and dumped it on my hand . right after i poured it , it hit me that i had woken up and cried
the parents will include a specialist , audiologist , and people mingling .
no , there 's not pineapple cream cheese .
the study makes all the same time . they all wrote to take out of stomach .
there are a research to show . that kind of situation .
the morning and asked , " are you sure ? do you want anything ? " i did n't have an answer , but , and he stays bad , that 's it .
" i do n't have any money , i thought it was funny .
there will be a baseball strike this friday ? ? what 's all for that else ?
... i do n't know , any sports is happening .
but when how same kind of how child did they are rowing , are it ?
the group of important to who ?
there were eight of us in the raft , and both mingling .
it was a lot of five school 's friday .
when he had an group of france , they were in philadelphia .
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
the same shows ( the baby is / to stop mph . it had a tray . yes , it 's awful .
a deaf people said , " so and tennessee deaf .
the deaf person said , " really ? oh well .
so , they can ask another rely to the parents .
first night , there were a missing link . when last year were safe , there was a missing link .
there are no research . now snows , school is really nothing . it has a tray . i had no idea here in boston .
we have to admit how the reporter refused to be closed .
it 's eleven on eleven ; players on the two teams match up .
may be upset . she said , " can we ask the doctor ? " i said it was funny . " i am sorry that your child is deaf " .
the deaf person said , " really , we ca n't deaf . where are the cop coming up ? "
but , the first group is n't good .
