Okay?
Right, hey.
I was pregnant, expecting.
I gave birth to a baby boy.
He grew and grew.
The mid-wife would visit me at home.
That was to check the baby was alright, eating well etc.
I was patient.
They came again the next week.
Very frustrating.
They came again and again.
After a while, they stopped.
Now, with the baby bigger, I would take them to another place, like a hospital.
They checked its weight and other things.
Fine.
Later on, a friend gave me a big pram.
I was delighted they had given it to me.
I thanked them a lot.
After they left, I lifted the baby into the pram.
It was sprung, really old fashioned, with a hood over it.
I pushed it along, to visit the mid-wife at the hospital.
The baby was to be weighed.
I got really hot.
I carried on pushing and got sweaty.
People were walking past me shivering.
I remember, when I was young.
I was with my husband, before we got married.
It was a Saturday and we were in town, looking around the shops.
I asked Tom if he wanted to go to the pictures that night.
Tom, my boyfriend, said "we could have something to eat first".
In Woolworths.
I thought Woolworths would be alright.
We went up the stairs to the cafe.
We chose our food, with chips.
Then, the two of us sat down, opposite one another.
We were chatting whilst we ate.
I picked up the shaker and sprinkled it over my food.
Tom, my boyfriend, said "no, not that one."
I said, "that's the salt.'
He said, "no, that's the sugar!"
Oh no! It was awful, it was the sugar.
I took a day off one day, for my wife because, no.
Before we were married, for my girlfriend
We were courting, going out together.
Her friend wanted to invite me over to her wedding.
I wanted to go over but on the day the snow started to fall.
It was quite bad.
I thought, I'm going to go ahead with this anyway.
It was't that bad and the snow was only this deep.
It took three hours to get from Belfast to Omagh.
It took three hours because the M2 and M1 motorways hadn't been built yet and it was over winding roads.
So, I arrived there.
I arrived fine.
I chatted, the wedding took place and then I went straight to my girlfriend's farm.
Plenty of people had come over, lots of conversations to have.
Yes, being part of the deaf world, it's so good.
Yes, you're right, I was the same.
It was a really old building, and weak.
Same as me, I was born hearing, right.
My Mother explained to me that I was deaf from Meningitis.
I was back and forwards to the hospital from age nought until I was two or three years old.
I got to be Deaf (that way).
My Mother was concerned and wondered what school I would be sent to.
A priest was found who said there is a school in Jordanstown?
They have a Nursery School for children to start in.
My Mum sent me to that school and time passed by.
Then, it was found better that I move school.
That's because my parents didn't like signing.
They didn't like it and they wanted me to speak.
I was not born Deaf.
I was two, and it was through having meningitis.
I was two.
At the time, my parents were staying on a farm in Omagh.
There, they didn't think there was any Deaf school to send me to at all.
What happened was that there were some problems in the family.
We had to leave where we were and move to Shankhill, which is where we then lived.
My parents and me lived there.
Time passed and then my sister, the second, was born there.
Then, we wanted to move to England.
That's because we felt the school for me was the Royal School for the Deaf, Manchester, so we moved there.
Father got work on a farm there.
So that's where we were living.
Yeah, I do, they're really  nice.
Aw, that's so lovely.
You must have spoilt her.
That's just so lovely!
Erm, last year, I ...
It was Summer, during August.
BBC Blast, jointly with NDCS, there, had a filming project.
I went there.
I sat down for their presentations and an explanation of what was happening during the week.
As I sat watching, I saw two girls coming in together on my left.
They had arrived late.
As they came in, I looked them up and down, and thought "well!".
They went where they did and I went back to the presentations that were still going on.
The interpreter said there would be workshops, split into different groups.
You know, when I was small, I really wanted to have a dog.
I really, really, wanted a dog.
My parents said, "no", because I was too young.
My parents wouldn't have to look after it, it would be mine.
Anyway, I grew up being patient about it.
When I went to Mary Hare school, I took the chance of asking again about getting a dog.
Mu Mum said, "no, if you are at Mary Hare who will look after it?"
I was unhappy about that.
Then, when I was about 16-17-18
It was 16, Ieft Mary Hare.
Stop laughing, you!
So, I had left Mary Hare.
I thought about getting a dog again.
I said to my parents, "now I have left Mary Hare can I have a dog?"
I have a family.
A big family!
I have 6 brothers and 3 sisters.
The last and the only one who was deaf.
But actually I don't feel that I was very close with my family...
Because when I was away at boarding school we signed, and when I got home I didn't understand what people were saying.
They would only tell me occasional words.
It was very frustrating.
They called me "angry".
So...
I grew up and left school.
I went back to live with my family and worked in Portadown.
I worked there for four and a half years.
But I was frustrated because I wanted to be somewhere with deaf people.
So I moved here to Belfast.
Everything was going well with work and there is a good deaf community.
Right.
OK!
Two weeks ago, I went on holiday to Portugal completely for free.
Do you know why?
Last year I went to Egypt.
I was in the airport with Aer Lingus.
The flight was 1 o'clock.
They looked it up and said that it had been delayed to 5 o'clock.
I asked how I was going to make my connection in London at quarter to 6.
They said not to worry as everything was delayed by 2 hours.
So that was a relief.
The flight left as expected at 5 o'clock and arrived in London at 6 o'clock.
I took my time walking all the way over to Terminal 5.
It was my first time at Terminal...
Yes, Terminal 5, for the first time.
I walked all the way over until I eventually arrived and looked up at the screen.
There was no Egypt flight!
The reason I came here was because I was a boarder here for 3 years.
I used to live on a farm, but there was no work for me and there were not many deaf people.
So I came here and the Missioner to the Deaf, Mr Townsend found me a job nearby machining sheets.
I used to come here to the club to socialise every night except for Sundays.
My husband-to-be, John Heron, was coming every week on a Tuesday to take photos.
I want to tell you about my puppy.
My family got a puppy last year.
A new puppy, it's lovely.
My Dad had wanted a dog for a very long time
Mum had said "no, no, no, no".
My Sister said to our Mum, "It's not fair, Dad wants a dog"
My Mum still wasn't sure but then things settled down.
My sister got married and moved to England.
It seemed like the right time to get a dog.
She said, "alright but there are two things."
Its hair mustn't fall anywhere at all.
Because she didn't want to have to be vacuuming.
Secondly, it had to be small and not too big.
My father said "alright" and started looking.
Great, that was lovely!
Do you remember when you and me were at that women's class?
Mrs Duke helped us with a lot of different educational things talking about things like housework, knitting, and going out.
Most of them were good for us because we didn't have a clue.
We didn't have any information about parenting like feeding a baby.
I learnt a lot from that woman, Mrs Duke's explanations, because there were no subtitles on the TV.
Although there are talks and explanations now, there wasn't anything at all back then.
But we were lucky to have that women's group.
And, also, if there is anything else I wonder about, I take a look at what hearing people are doing, and follow what they are doing because hearing people have access to some things that we deaf people never had.
Right, I want to tell you about...
Right, I need to look at you.
Right, I'm sorry!
I'm going to tell you about my holiday in Lanzarote.
It's in Spain, an Island in the Canaries.
I went the 27th August for one week.
I went with my hearing friend, Nigel, who has Level 3 Sign Language.
We paid 306 each altogether, which wasn't bad.
We just went to relax and have a break.
So, when I arrived at Belfast International Airport, there were two check-ins, so I had to decide which queue to join and I chose the one on the left.
While I was standing in the queue I got a message from Nigel saying, "Look behind you!"
Alright.
You tell your story and I'll watch.
OK.
At the weekend, Friday night I went to bed late, but woke up at 6 o'clock.
My father shook me awake at 6 o'clock.
I was in a really bad mood.
I got my bags packed and in the car to go to the ferry.
I helped navigating with the map to Newcastle.
We drove until we arrived in Newcastle at about 12 or 1 o'clock.
My sister was impatient to meet her friend who had been studying over in Newcastle.
She wanted to meet her after she finished studying, on a Saturday!
She had to study hard for her degree.
They wanted to meet with my sister in their lunch break from 1 to 2, so it was a tight schedule.
We continued driving with me navigating until we finally reached the centre of Newcastle.
Oh no!
Oh!
Was there a window open?
I do believe they like gold.
That's what they say and it must be true!
That's terrible!
That's bad.
At least it wasn't one week!
Yes.
Straight down into it.
Well...
I don't know what to say!
So, I'm going to tell you...
I have 5 children.
My first daughter is 20 and is at university.
She wants to be a teacher for deaf children.
I don't know if there will be a job here for her.
It may have to be in England.
One or the other.
My second is 18 and single mother with a 3 year old daughter.
She's not working.
My third is a son who is 12.
He's in the second year at school and he loves it.
My fourth is deaf, a son.
He's in junior school.
Right!
A really horrible thing happened to me at home.
My wife and 2 children went to stay with her parents for 2 weeks.
I had to come back after 1 week.
In the morning I locked up and went out to work.
I finished at quarter past 4 and drove home.
I went into the kitchen and noticed some drips.
I didn't know what it was but it looked sticky.
I picked some up on a finger and it was wet, but I didn't know what it was.
It wasn't washing up liquid.
I wondered what it could be.
I walked around and saw to my surprise that the cards that had been on the kitchen windowsill had all fallen off.
It was strange because the windows were closed.
If the windows had been open then the wind would have blown them off, obviously.
So, I started to learn to drive when I was 17.
Also, I passed my theory test at the same time.
Unfortunately I found out I was pregnant with my first, so I gave up.
I had no time, so I put it on hold.
Until I was pregnant the second time, when I realised I needed a car.
So I studied the theory and passed.
So...
I was learning to drive at the same time until I finally passed the theory.
And then I passed the practical.
So now I've been driving for 5 years.
I'm happy...
A car is useful, I couldn't do without it.
It's useful for taking the children to school and lots of other things.
No, my first is 10 and will soon be 11.
And my second, my son, is 8.
That's lovely.
Right, I can tell you.
I remember when I went to Mary Hare.
I have loads of good memories.
There's one that tops them all.
It was time for the parent's review and they had to come over to visit, for interviews about my GCSEs.
For my results and different things, to see if my work was good in school lessons.
So, one day when my mum and dad came over, I really wanted to avoid the maths class.
I wanted to avoid it.
I went with my parents to this classroom, that classroom and another, all for various interviews and chats.
When it was time to go the the maths classroom, I said to my parents, "I am just going to go over there and talk to some friends of mine".
Mum and Dad said, "oh alright".
I went off down the corridor away from the maths classroom.
I have a true story.
It's not about me, it's about my friend, Roddy.
We have this sign name for him, it's the sign for 'red'.
That's because his surname is Rederick.
So it's like how red is spelt and Rederick and we sign red to mean Rederick.
He's my car mechanic.
The the story he told me, is unbelievable.
He had been away on holiday in Benone, near to Downhill.
He was towing a caravan and he left it there to then drive home.
He was driving along and there was another caravan in front of him.
So he was following this caravan being towed and he could see this faint red glow.
The he realised, there was a fire, inside the caravan in front of him.
So, he tried to drive alongside the caravan to get the drivers attention, about the fire.
His wife had wound down the window and was shouting about it.
Last week, on Tuesday, my family were all together.
We decided to go to Newcastle.
The rain was dreadful.
I was driving, and we arrived in Newcastle.
I looked for somewhere to park the car.
We could see the sea's high waves, it was really rough.
It was really beautiful actually.
We sat and watched, it was really dramatic.
My Daughter was with her baby, Ella, in the back of the car.
My son, Daniel, was in the front next to me.
We sat there, waiting for my other two Daughters to arrive.
One car came.
Then the next one.
I was trying to see, and wound down the window, trying to work out what to do.
The rain was so heavy, we couldn't walk in it.
Sure, fine.
A long time ago, when I was aged eight.
I was with my Dad.
We went into town, to Belfast.
You know the shop called "Woolworths"?
The old shop in Belfast?
Yes ...
My Dad and I were walking there together.
I could see, I don't know, people coming-and-going.
There were all these doors.
I tried to see what it was.
No, plastic, black, this shape.
And a brown bag, like this.
I thought, "What is that?"
I walked closer to get a better look.
I looked away and up to see the Police, shouting.
I'm Deaf, I couldn't hear them.
Same for Dad, who is also Deaf.
People started running off.
My Dad knew that something was wrong.
Dad ran off.
I looked around to find him but he'd gone.

That's hard to believe!
Years ago, as a child, I lived with Mum, Dad and my brother.
We moved to Suffolk, in West Belfast.
One time, when my parents were asleep, the Army had to break into the house.
They had to get us all out.
My Mum went to one of the soldiers and said "my son is Deaf and upstairs in bed, someone needs to get him out".
One of the soldiers had to come and wake me up.
He grabbed hold of me and lifted me out of the bed.
I put my arms around him, really sleepy still.
He had camouflage cream over his face.
They got me down and had us move away.
Then I realised why.
There was a hotel near by, and a massive expolosion blew it up and sent debris everywhere.
The back of our house was badly damaged.
That is awful.
I can't think of anything the same as that.
Okay, I can think of the same, with my cat.
This was a long time ago.
I really loved that cat.
The cat's name was Blackie.
I loved that cat, we were really close.
I would arrive home from work, put the cat's food down and it would follow me about by my side all over the house.
One day, I was doing some decorating and climbed up a ladder to paint.
The cat started climbing up the ladder too!
I looked down and saw Blackie had her claws in my trouser leg!
It really hurt, I had to hold on to the ladder tight!
Blackie kept climbing up, until she reached my shirt.
She kept digging her claws in.
Then she lay down, wrapped around my shoulders.
I had to put up with this and carry on painting!
Blackie just stayed there, even when I went up and down the ladder.
Blackie just kept moving herself around my neck but wouldn't get off.
I had to ask my wife to come over and get Blackie off me!
Okay?
Oh, I will never forget this.
Recently, I think it was October.
A friend and I went upstair to look at something on the computer.
So, we were together looking at things on the computer.
We finished at about 11 o'clock.
My husband was relaxing, watching TV.
I asked, "Where's the dog?"
He said, "Now you mention it, I think he's outside in the back garden."
I went outside to get the dog.
He had disappeared!
I realised, one of the gates had been left open.
I was upset.
I said to him, "Why?"
I went back to my friend and said, "It's best you stay in the house".
You never know, the dog might come back into the house.
My husband and I got in the car and wound down the windows.
I had to shout the dog's name out of the window.
We were both calling out, left and right.
My family are all Deaf, a strong Deaf family, right.
I grew up with my Mum, Dad and Sister, all Deaf.
At home, we would always sign, not speak, sign.
The house had flashing lights for the doorbell.
Different things.
Time passed and I left home.
I met my wife, she was my girlfriend at that time.
We met, and then got together as a couple.
She became pregnant with our baby which was good.
I knew, coming from a Deaf family, that I might pass that on to our baby.
I was dreaming and hoping for that.
After a while, it was time to visit the hopsital for an ultrasound scan.
They also took genetic details from each of our family histories.
The doctor said that the baby might be disabled.
I said, "hang on, no, don't tell me the baby might be disabled".
Does putting a stent in mean he will need an operation ?
I have never heard of that.
A man had told me about his heart problems and said that he had got an operation that put a tube in his wrist that went through to his heart.
Is that similar to what your husband is getting?
So this tube can actually unblock the heart. That's amazing.
All these new things they can do.
That's right, I remember the white coat and the big, round light on their forehead. Your eyes would just stare at this light.
Could the treadmill not be set to go very slow?
I have two boys, both born deaf.
The boys are grown up now and my oldest son's partner has given birth to their daughter.
The teachers were poor.
We grew up being taught with teachers who spoke to us and didn't sign.
We never understood anything.
We used to write everything down and the class was mixed with pupils who were partially deaf too.
The teaching was, your husband was at school with me, the teaching was very poor.
It was like that for years and years.
Sometimes we played football or snooker, that was fine.
But the teaching was so bad.
At school, when it was lunch break, we would all go out to play football.
The pitch wasn't flat, it was on a steep slope like this.
We would run up and down playing on the slope, everyday.
It didn't bother us.
We ran about, no bother.
We'd tackle for the ball, rough tackles.
One time, I saw this bush at the side of me.
I was the goal-keeper, well, I used to try.
Then, I felt my arm on that side getting warm.
I tried to get the other Deaf boys attention to tell them not to kick the ball this way.
The next exploded and the wasps were all over my face and body.
I used to go and meet my Deaf friends regularily for a chat and to relax.
Anyway, one day my two daughters told me they wanted to go swimming at the AQ in Motherwell.
Anyway I drove them there, dropped them off and waved goodbye then went back to my car.
I saw this building that said 'Community Service' and I wondered what it was.
I wanted to take a look so walked over to it.
I walked in and started chatting with someone hearing there.
We wrote things down to have our conversation.
I said, "is there a Deaf Club here?"
She wrote down that it was just Mondays to Fridays only.
"Okay", I said, "thanks."
I thanked her for the information.
I got back into the car and went home.
I wrote something on the computer.
I sent it by fax.
Have you been other places?
You don't like puppys.
I know you don't like dogs.
Who was is that started wanting a dog?
Do you remember, it was Amanda.
Remember when Amanda was little and all her friends had...
Do you remember her first pet was a rabbit.
Then a hamster..
Is that all, no, remember the goldfish.
I'll never forget the goldfish, do you remember?
It was won at the fair.
She was excited and got home to a new fishbowl.
The fish was put in, do you remember helping?
Last Friday, I went to Liverpool.
That was for a Deaf women's health organisation.
I met 5 deaf women at central station and we got on the train.
We had to change at Wigan then carried on until we arrived at Liverpool.
We arrived at Liverpool and got a taxi.
Really we could have walked but we didn't know where we were going.
It was better by taxi.
The journey was only 8 minutes long but it didn't matter as we all had luggage with us.
We arrived fine, at where we would be staying
We had expected to be sharing, two in a room.
They were all singles.
Not a problem, but we wondered why?
At reception they said, "Nothing to do with us, talk to the office."
Oh, blow it.
I was happy to have a room to myself.
I can turn out the lights and not bother someone else.
I like reading in bed.
I want to talk about my dog called Keira.
I want to explain how it started that we got a dog.
It was because of my daughter Tamara.
She kept pestering me, saying she wanted a dog.
Then she asked my husband, Jock.
"No.", he said.
We knew it meant that we would be the ones looking after it.
We would need to to take it for walks, feed it, clean up after it, care for it and at that time Tamara was only seven years old.
We felt she was too young for the responsibility for taking a dog out at that age.
Then Tamara asked her father when he felt she would be old enough to be responsible enough.
We forgot about it and time passed on.
That year was 2004, just as she was about to turn twelve after the new year.
I am Asian myself.
I remember going to youth club when I was growing up.
I wanted to set up an Asian Deaf Club.
That's because so many Asian people are stuck at home with their parents.
They could all meet at an Asian Deaf Club.
Just like people meet at youth club.
People hadn't even heard of the club at all.
We always meet on a Saturday from half past one until half past four.
My cousin comes and I brought my wife along to meet and discuss things with other people.
Some of the parents were a bit wary of the deaf club at first because of their strict religious beliefs.
Hindus and Muslims think of home first and not much about the Deaf Club.
When I started, I was a five year old child.
I went to school at Langside.
You weren't to sign.
At the start was speech and speaking.
It started with headphones on your head.
I had some hearing, that was good.
In year two, war broke out.
We were evacuated to Dally,  between Ayr and Girvan.
It was a castle, for our school.
There was no electricity, just gas.
My hearing had deteriorated.
We still were not to sign.
But, outside of the school, in the fields we could sign.
In school, it was forbidden to sign.
I was disappointed, my parents objected to signing.
Because my brother and sister are hearing, they thought we should all speak.
Well, I was disappointed.
Deaf people should start signing, they should.
I'll go first.
Last summer I went to Slovakia on a youth exchange programme.
Including myself, there were eight deaf people on the exchange with one hearing woman and an interpreter.
There was 10 of us.
We went to Bratislava.
It's bordered by the Czech Republic, Poland, Austria and Hungary.
So we arrived there and it was good.
We were all a bit reserved to start with.
They didn't know how to start any conversations.
There was one boy from the Slovakian group who approached us straight away.
They asked if we were alright, if we were deaf and identified us as the Scottish group.
The group was mostly oral and some of us could only sign a little bit.
The Slovakians were strong signers.
I will start.
When I was a baby, I was ill, at three months, from a vaccine that made me ill.
I became Deaf.
I grew up to the age of three and was sent to nursery school.
It was in Edinburgh, the children stayed there.
There was a teacher and other children there.
I got older and move to the Royal Deaf Henderson, we called it H.R.
That was Henderson Row for short.
All the Deaf schools were thought of as posh because they were oral.
War broke out and we moved to Donaldson's School in Edinburgh.
The teachers were better.
They would sign, tree, and then fingerspell the word.
They would sign, house, and fingerspell the word house.
They would do the signs with the spellings to help us learn.
It was good, I improved.
Because of the war, we moved again to Cockburnspath, a quiet area in north Berwick.
I am going for an operation tomorrow morning on my right eye.
I had my left eye done eight weeks ago.
It was good.
I didn't need my spectacles for reading the newspaper.
I could see fine.
Then, I started to find it hard to read the paper.
I went to the hospital for a check-up and they said the left eye was perfect.
I asked when my right eye would be done in case I needed spectacles or something.
They said to ask the doctor.
I said, "I need to have that eye done now."
They checked and said, "in two weeks time."
I was delighted to hear two weeks.
I can't wait to have my new vision and not have to wear spectacles.
Reading the newspaper, without spectacles, will be great and I'm excited.
At first, I was so nervous about the operation because of what everyone told me to expect.
My father had it done too.
That's right, I remember that.
I went with my mother to visit my mother's neighbour in Stobhill hospital.
We went into the ward and my mother was chatting away with her neighbour.
I was just sitting there lonely and looking around day dreaming.
Then I thought to myself that I had been here before.
I remembered the bed being over there and the radiator next to it.
So I asked my mother if I had been here before.
I remembered an old lady at the top of the ward with a pale face, she was English.
She told me, "Yes", and that I was 2 years old and I was deaf.
When I had my operation then, I wasn't wheeled back to the theatre I was carried in.
What's his name?
Are you happy it was all over?
Well, really, it started when I was seven years old.
I was in a judo club with hearing people.
After a time, I was in a competition with hearing people.
We used to stand facing each other, the umpire would speak but I didn't know what he was saying.
So I got my opponent in a shoulder throw and I ended up breaking his shoulder.
I didn't expect to break their shoulder.
The umpire stopped the fight and said I should have waited until we bowed to each other.
I had attacked too quickly and as a result was banned from judo.
I couldn't believe it and really didn't know what it meant.
For a while I didn't know what to do and then decided I would join gymnastics.
Well, I will talk about my labour.
It was only six hours long.
Most others were miffed because the first baby should take longer and mine was six hours.
It started one week early.
I was due on the thirtieth of June but went into labour on the twenty-third of June.
It was about half nine and I was in my Aunt's house for dinner.
I had a funny feeling in my stomach and went to the toilet but there wasn't anything.
I went back and when I sat down, I felt wet behind my thighs.
I was so embarrassed, in my Aunt's house.
My Aunty didn't know.
I thought I had better go home.
I wasn't in any pain at all.
Well, I thought maybe I had pee'd myself.
It was awfully embarrassing, oh well.
So we drove home and I went to bed.
I have been working as a Development Worker.
Sometimes I have a support worker.
For mainstream settings, they co-ordinate activity with networks and organisations.
I concentrate on Deaf Community support.
Also, we have a Saturday Deaf Club from half past one until half past four.
People come who all share the same culture.
They share information because at home they are isolated and lonely.
They don't feel the same as their relations for cultural reasons.
Their parents speak different languages like Urdu or Punjabi.
So communication can break down.
That's why they need to be encouraged to get involved at the Club.
They feel the can relate to people who are the same.
They share their experiences and talk together.
Also, we don't only socialise.
All from 1967.
Which top? The plain one?
I think the Celtic tops are cheap anyway.
Have they all lost their memory?
You were talking about your holiday, so I want to talk about G.B.
I got involved with team G.B about two years ago.
At that time Sharon Hirshman was the G.B. manager.
The team had gone to Melbourne for the Deaflympics and won the bronze medal.
When it ended, they came back.
Then, Sharon became pregnant and stepped down.
She stepped down.
After a while, her job was advertised.
There was a job advert.
It said they were looking for a new manager.
I looked at their website and thought "should I apply?", no.
Then a deaf person said I should apply so I did.
Like points? Right.
What happened next?
What else happened after?
Did they do more filming? Or do an interview?
What did they say?
It's on once a week, every week?
It started last week.
What time and what programme?
But what programme? Is it on Sky or TV?
Right, I will.
Shall I start?
Yesterday I went to the SASLI interpreting service.
I wanted to find out more about the 1.5 million they recieved.
I was interested in what they're going to do with the money.
The panel gave a very interesting presentation.
They talked about what they plan to do over the next two years.
They are planning on recruiting ten hearing and Deaf apprentices or...
You know last Sunday, there was Get me out...
You know, with the snakes.
Kangaroos and everything.
It starts with two teams of five.
With celebrities like Martina Navratilove, the tennis player.
And Joe Cole's girlfriend, who is a famous page 3 girl, was also in it.
It's on every year, do you know it?
Well, last Sunday I was watching it.
There's five in a team and they separate them out.
Someone from the team has to be nominated to do a mystery task.
The next team does the same, one from each team go forward.
There was this ice cream van parked to one side.
The contestants were waiting and wondering.
The man hands them a plate.
They look at the plate and figure out what's on there.
He tells them it's a pair of Kangaroo balls.
Oh yes.
And happy.
And off load.
That's good, the handprints.
Good, good.
I'll talk about playing darts.
I wasn't really interested in darts.

When I first started seeing my boyfriend, I used to watch him play darts all the time.
He said, "come on, why don't you try?"
I said, "no I don't know how to play!"
My husband, ex-husband, said "you should".
I told him "I won't be any good at thowing darts, I prefer pool".
Football or darts aren't for me, but he wanted me to try.
It wasn't until after we bought our house we got a dart board.
We would each have a throw.
I seemed to be quite good.
I was throwing well.
We talked about the best weight for me, and he said I suited 24 inches.
I want to talk about the deaf community and the hearing community.
This was a job I did a long time ago.
I would say it was about ten, no, twenty years ago.
I was working with the deaf community.
I started working with deafblind people.
I worked there for six years.
I wasn't happy there.
I moved to Saint Vincent's.
They had just advertised a job.
I read through the advert.
But I was unsure about working nights.
I had a son and at the time he was only little.
So I was unsure.
I applied anyway and I got the job at Saint Vincent's.
When I started at Saint Vincent's.
Well develop things with the community like...
In about February or March, I found out my girlfriend was pregnant.
I was happy with that.
It felt like we had to wait a long time through the pregnancy.
Really happy still.
On November the nineteenth...
... it was a Monday, the baby was born by caesarean section.
The baby's name is Antonia.
I was so happy.
It was very emotional.
Other Deaf people had said to me, "when your baby arrives it will be the best day of your life."
I wasn't sure if it would be true or not.
When it did happen, I realised how right they had been.
My baby, a girl, was born at nine in the morning.
I was excited that the first was a girl.
I had hoped for a girl rather than a boy so it was great.
I started getting interested in theatre when I was 3 years old.
I was watching the TV when I saw a show called cats.
I thought it was alright, so so, a bit boring.
By the time I was 4 or 5 I was starting to get hooked.
I enjoyed seeing their facial expression and the gestures but no signing.
I thought it was alright.
There are performances with an interpreter up on stage.
I don't really feel any connection.
I like it when the interpeter moves around, shadowing the actors.
That's alright.
In January, a Deaf-only theatre company was set up called Solar Bear.
That was set-up just recently, this January.
It's a Scottish company.
I was quite keen on it.
I wondered, "should I join?"
I was nervous, not sure what I would do.
I've been really enjoying it.
I went to the hospital with my husband yesterday.
We went into the hospital and I was hoping there would be an interpreter there.
And there was an interpreter there, thank God.
My husband and the interpreter were chatting and I didn't join them, I left my husband to it.
Quite quickly, someone came over and called out a name.
I recognised it by lip-reading.
"It's you.", I told my husband.
"How do you know?", he said.
I'd caught it and the interpreter said, "You're right."
We went with them to go and see the doctor.
The were talking, discussing, and I kept out of things.
I said to my husband, "no, not for that."
"Remember we are here for something different."
He thought it was for the same thing as last time.
Last time, he'd gone for an ECG.
That's what he thought now.
I said, "no, that's been done now, today's for something different."
My husband was a bit thrown, he thought he was having the same thing happen again.
The doctor continued with the consultation.
My husband had refused to go on the treadmill.
They had wanted to see what was going on when he did that.