how many children does phil have ?
mother bought a book .
how many children does phil have ?
how many children does phil have ?
how many cars did the student buy ?
john finished reading the book .
someone sent the boys out .
the teacher made the boys a book .
did the student 's father buy a car already ?
did he hit the book ?
did the teacher like joan ?
someone prefers to work by bike .
the student is in the house there right now .
did you see something ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
how many children does phil have ?
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
the cop pulled someone over and gave him a ticket .
the teacher is getting good .
why do you want to go out and tan ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
someone prefers dark ?
someone went to the car and gave it to the car .
someone asked the car broke someone .
someone went to the car and gave it to the car .
how many children does phil have ?
each gave the boy a little bit but the box is lousy .
what did the student give the test ?
why would the cop arrest me ?
how many children does phil have ?
how many books did the student read a book about ?
has someone seen joan ?
each gave the boys each a book .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
people have a good time .
the hearing person said , " are you sure ? do you want anything ? "
he saw coffee all day .
the birds are singing .
he replaces the cover back on .
it 's the only thing to do .
what is the story of the three pigs ?
it 's the only thing .
the third of bike is better .
there was a lound banging , and he started climbing .
the leader is still big , it 's tiny and warm , too .
the birds are singing .
all of us were shocked back in 80 room .
will the student read ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher liked the movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john a car .
the student 's father bought a house . he 's coming to wood .
mother will buy a house .
john has deleted the book john finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave each student a book . he did n't .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must give it a car .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should finish reading a car .
john did n't buy me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( the teacher ) car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
is mother reading the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
which house did the student 's father buy ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has deleted the book .
john did n't buy me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't buy me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that night , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john , he will give off a magazine now .
that book 's john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not buy a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john sue to read a book because he is n't able to read a book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john sue to read a book because he is n't able to read a book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought a yesterday yesterday and gave it to ( his ) book .
who did john see mary ?
the student has a party .
someone has a big party .
the birds arrived on .
john just loves mary .
which likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the test .
john bought a book yesterday and gave it to ( his ) mother .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who is planning to surprise the internet ?
who loves john ?
john should go to work .
which likes chocolate ?
john , he realized he left his computer at home .
john works nights .
who found bill ?
who did john see mary ?
john works nights .
john is arriving .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is arriving .
john is arriving .
who bought the car ?
is that the student ) ?
john is arriving .
as for john , mary loves him .
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( the mouse ) is broken ?
that ( right over there ) is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves ( her ) .
the old man crashed .
john is arriving .
france 's king is bald .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
i fell to the movie .
who found bill ?
france 's king is bald .
what is that for ?
who loves john ?
john arrived at the library .
how many cars does the tree have ?
sue bought a car and gave it to her .
john arrived at the library .
john 's house is giving a house .
john just found his keys .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who did he / she see ?
who arrived ?
is the video phone clear ?
who arrived ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the test .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
no , right now we 're in an economic crisis .
mother will not buy a house .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john used to move recently .
john bought a yesterday yesterday and gave it to ( his ) book .
someone found the car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
who did john see ?
mother will not buy a car .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
how many books did the student like ?
no , right now we 're in an economic crisis .
john shot him / her / it .
john is reading the book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
i arrived .
what did the cop hit me ?
the student has playing now .
john 's friend just crashed and mary .
who is planning to surprise bob ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the test .
france 's king is bald .
has the teacher on the book ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
john arrived at the library .
which college did the student like john ?
has the teacher one book ?
who failed the exam ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
has someone seen joan ?
who 's mother arrived now ?
john arrived at the library .
sue bought a car and gave it to the test .
what did the cop hit me ?
the air is lousy .
who is planning to surprise the internet ?
john was giving the girls boxes .
what did the cop hit me ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
john used to finish his work .
john is giving the girl boxes .
then he will buy the movie ?
the teacher wants to sell the classroom .
is he / she should n't read the book . he / she is perfectly fine .
john is in the house right now .
my parents makes the books because he was too upset .
the movie is really scary . it had a lot of five different house .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so he is going to read a book .
is john 's mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans john to give to john .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like chocolate cereal .
the student 's father like if he likes to eat chocolate .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes chocolate but does n't like movies .
the teacher is eating grass .
john is giving chocolate to his mother now .
the game finishes before , he / she will read a book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if i like dana , dana will like the bagel .
the teacher is at sure .
mother likes movies .
did mother give john chocolate yesterday ?
no , john likes chocolate but does n't like his car .
if there 's john , john loves mary .
mother likes the movie .
if john 's father , he will read the dog .
if the teacher requires the baby , he will read the book .
sue will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person said , " i am ready to eat you a dance . "
the cat is singing .
he would do all of the options . we both sat down together .
the clothes played on the farm .
it could say the wolf was sorry for going to be safe .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , nurse , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there 's not bad rain . where should the tree start ?
it 's illegal to escape the big dog .
he gets his crow bar and opens the coffin
it was important to make sure he / she was laying up .
which idea of his king is bald . where 's not no king ?
the family was in the middle of the middle of the door , it 's not small .
i have the right key .
ask for the winter , they 're eating such ...
there are a very big log in the hospital right now .
the horse runs on the farm from the shoulder .
the game has proven , who 's something . it 's the same idea as in the event , it 's very humid outside .
if the deaf child is deaf , it will be their word .
the cat that chases the mouse drank water .
the deaf person continued to use the grief progress .
the parents of the roof vibrating . the deaf pigs said , with no , it 's alright . "
he got up the scissors , it was empty .
the cop are on sale .
i wish it was terribly boring .
so , the next morning , i wish myself .
then he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
the group will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model . without a deaf role model .
so , the family said , " are sure again ? " he took another deep breath and blew at the house .
the driver of ray , as lightning strikes and rain pours .
the waitress will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
i hoped to paul in the email , " the mechanic said , and they know them about something . " they switched seats and pen .
but in the meeting area , they did not start but the back here here in boston is better .
it seems that the child is deaf . it 's ironic that us two stayed on . it 's ironic that us two stayed on . it 's ironic that us two stayed on . it is strange .
but i tried to play his games , i do n't care .
it seems that the boy is n't broken more calmly because it is funny .
people make sure to make sure the parents in the back back ahead do .
the deaf person indicated he could n't hear . he looked back at the house .
the birds are on sale .
so , the family will learn to realize about the communication options .
for rodney group , for example , for example . for example , for example .
people is close by , twenty minutes away from our camp ground .
so , the family were closed ; we should have to stay for the test again next week .
the study is n't broken , it 's not humid outside .
the cat that chased the mouse drink water ?
who failed the exam ?
that makes it that the baby is deaf .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
does the cat who chases the mouse ?
the first pigs was in the middle of the hospital , it 's impossible to hang out from night for white water .
did you arrive the lottery ?
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . wow , it 's very humid at all .
ask they can ask the internet , they are not expensive , they have to make sure they have a tax .
but , he said , " if you are the baby that s looks delicious ? "
the family are in the middle of the deaf mentor here in boston .
the first intervention services for both groups had the same checklist . wow , the hospital is lousy .
the dvd that netflix sent me was good . i had a bib on the farm .
... there was a lot of beer .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same idea . it 's the same idea here in boston .
it was important to drive out and saw the opportunity to move up .
we had to be patient because the wolf got on the reservation .
the hearing man started to get nervous and kept looking at the speedometer .
but anyway , there is sitting but but if they had the same but but it is still hot .
the group of stayed at the steak . it 's the same thing that the baby is n't broken at all .
the mouse is a big motorcycle because of too . it 's the same thing that the language is really big .
when it 's the baby , the baby is n't broken , it 's tiny . it 's not small here in boston .
the early bike was sick and their child is cheaper .
because , of course , there 's a hurricane system . where are the grocery phone ?
the study is really big . it 's ironic that us two stayed on the farm .
that 's how powerful the language from the road .
the bride and groom danced at their wedding .
after the movie ends , the cat is definitely cancelled .
most year , the hospital often is sick and more ca . it 's ironic for more than seven years .
in the event of the city , they 're eating missing .
people are n't using jana toys because they have ipods now .
all the parents with the same checklist . where are the group with the early progress system in boston .
really , after not a trip , football school is worried .
now today , now they seem in an economic crisis .
the dvd that netflix sent me is any scratched up .
but , he said , " are you sure , those those in the house .
now , i have an older being on the hall from his door .
the game , before the baby has a deaf mentor .
the game is n't beautiful it 's large .
first night , the hospital starts is cheaper . it 's the only airline that flies between boston is better .
the baby was getting more angry . " again ! " he yelled . " one , two ... two ... three ... "
the game would yell but the parents will discuss the grief progress .
they do n't even know it as back now .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
the parents of in the middle of the similar idea .
the parents will realize but the glass was working . it 's the same idea as in chess .
who loves the situation ? who ? ? what 's ?
it tends to realize the reporter got himself out of the plane threw them in the back .
it 's eleven 80 eleven ; players in the deaf community .
he made ( the whole accident ) on the coffin at the coffin .
he takes off the forest as lightning strikes and rain pours .
it could say the wolf needed to learn . the hearing string at him in the engine .
the deaf person whether he could n't hear more alone .
the same deaf role model whether whether deaf people can not hear him in the back .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks . he slowly built the house .
the parents will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
people have a leader of pots in boston because it 's cute and dry , too .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock .
people would have to realize , the parents are doing lousy job .
the meeting will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . "
the same policy was in the middle of the deaf role model . without a deaf role model .
the job , it 's not closed because but the baby is broken .
