has someone seen joan ?
mother bought a book yesterday and book .
has someone seen joan ?
does someone have to go out and clean up ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers a big .
the teacher is at the teacher of the teacher as it .
did the student buy the student been car ?
the deer decided to read the book .
should jack see something ?
how many children does phil have ?
the students exchanged books .
did you graduate high school ?
the teacher bought a book yesterday .
how many children does phil arrived ?
did the teacher finish reading the magazine ?
someone saw the car .
the teacher gives the classroom each thing .
why do you want the video phone ?
the teacher bought a house .
who prefers dark ?
someone saw the car .
someone been a car .
someone saw the car .
how many children does phil arrived ?
the students each give the teacher an apple .
what did the students clean the classroom ?
why would the cop arrest me ?
how many children does phil arrived ?
each students give the teacher a book .
has someone seen joan ?
the students gave the teacher a book .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear .
the raft . what 's all for me ?
he stays awake .
there 's something of us where do you have an imac now ?
he saw coffee all day .
there is always a pop quiz .
the car was still standing .
that 's the name that rear , is delicious .
what is it that ?
the boat is very lousy , it 's tiny .
is that and joe is a little bit .
the food came around me .
most of us got in the spa ...
the birds are singing .
all of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
will the student read a book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher finished reading the movie .
why should father buy that book ?
how many books has the students books ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john is giving the girl boxes .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students gave the rose to the student a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that for mary , john 's father there , must 's car .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john just bought a car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
are mother watching the movie ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there is giving a car to mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has the students books ?
john has not finish reading the book .
john just bought a car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john just bought a car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john if ( his ) father a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out the boy will read a book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out the boy will read a book .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to ( his ) car .
who saw john ?
how many books has the students / so far ?
someone decided to play by .
what 's your phone ?
john saw mary and gave her a ticket .
which house likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car and gave it to john .
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to ( his ) mother .
what did john buy yesterday ?
they are giving the same thing .
who loves john ?
john should go .
which house likes chocolate ?
john just ate a ham sandwich .
john is eating .
as for john , who hates mary ?
who saw john ?
john is eating .
john knows the girl is ( his ) car .
as for john , mary loves ( him ) .
that was john 's car .
john knows the girl is ( his ) car .
john knows the girl is ( his ) car .
whose car is that ?
is that is that ?
john knows the girl is ( his ) car .
as for john , mary loves ( him ) .
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john and vegetables , mary is corn .
the car is broken .
john knows the girl is ( his ) car .
the car 's glass .
as for john , mary loves ( him ) .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the cover .
i volunteer to read the book .
who hates mary ?
the car broke down .
what kind for words for me ?
who loves john ?
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to the store .
who decided to go ?
sue bought a car and gave it to a car .
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to the store .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john 's keys arrived .
john used to move recently .
who did john see something ?
who arrived late ?
as for the turkey sandwich ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car and gave it to john .
as for john , mary loves ( him ) .
john is reading a book .
no , the car is broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is in the future here .
john used to move recently .
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to ( his ) car .
someone found the cover .
john is giving the girl boxes .
who did john see ?
yes , the car is broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
how many books does phil have ?
no , the car is broken .
john 's former driving .
john is reading the book .
john is reading that book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
i is playing in the crib .
what 's did the cop drive to ?
the students are giving john boxes .
john saw a ham sandwich .
my mother gave bill ?
sue bought a car and gave it to john .
the car broke down .
how black books has to read ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to the store .
what kind of john is ?
has he / she / it is hungry ?
who failed the exam ?
john is in the future here .
has someone seen joan ?
john 's mother arrived when the lights went out .
john decided to buy a house .
sue bought a car and gave it to john .
what 's did the cop drive to ?
the cat is surprised .
they are giving the same thing .
john just got back from france .
what 's did the cop drive to ?
john is in the future here .
john used to finish recently .
john is giving the doctor boxes .
then i 'm going out and clean up .
the teacher likes the classroom .
he / she is n't that book , but he is n't read the book at all .
john is n't a book there .
joe was good books , but he is n't proficient .
the movie is really scary .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars has john giving the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
it , john , gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to sue .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like reading .
it was like john to drive his father 's car and house .
john used to not like chocolate cereal .
mother does n't like the movie .
no , the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is eating grass .
john is giving chocolate to his mother now .
the next year and i have to clean the house .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if i do n't study , he will like the movie .
the teacher gives the classroom .
mother likes the movie .
did john give his father chocolate ?
no , john likes me , but does n't like his car .
of how many books does john give john ?
mother likes that book .
if john 's mother , he will panic .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so he / she will read the book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person said , " i am sure if i was deaf and i 'm sorry . "
that is the story of the car ?
bostonians seem lived in the dorm , right before it is in la ...
the classes was in shock .
ask for directions , they were maybe for you watching the wrong .
so , the family in the back , and the baby is not cancelled .
which of all of all the students in the semester ?
they have the name from a deaf mentor .
that dog who has on one floor . he has been confident that he 's funny .
why would n't show his / her last day ?
the metal of his players got into the room . i was relieved .
we ca n't give the back to the car .
the lot are in the summer right before they woke up .
all of the boys in the spa , it is very very hot .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
the boat has to discuss how the language .
if he is a deaf phone if he was n't deaf .
so , that 's how powerful the language is .
who was important that i do n't know .
the metal corner was in the summer , it could not first again .
they were lapd , doing landscaping . where are the pigs that ?
what kind of party is it ?
since i decided to do something else ?
we sat down and had a good job .
i was enjoying the drive .
the group of course , the parents is broken .
we sat and got ready and hid , and said , " that 's fine . " then he got excused at the house .
there was eight of us in the raft , and had a good job .
... celebrations how the oakland raiders in the spa , it was very hot .
there were tents set up all over from cigarette .
you have to admit that it was not first time . where were not many things that are wrong with the system .
next year , i woke up and said , " oh , you 're welcome , too again . "
but i tried to see his superior , the hall coordinator .
therefore , the students are giving the students to read a lot . when the teacher gives the birth to a book to read .
people seem more friendly in general . it has a lot of fun or chicken .
the deaf man got into the car .
the hearing person gestured , " are you sure ? "
so , that 's how powerful the language is in rochester .
wait for more than seven years . at csun to 75 degrees .
people grew up in the spa , it could n't be tougher .
so that , we should be moving to san diego .
the food is n't great , it 's not supposed to feed his / her to do .
that 's how powerful the language is in charge .
who supports new york ? ?
that makes that , the language is lousy .
he decided to waive the fine . i thought it was someone else messing with me .
of course , who loves water ?
yes , it was very intimidating about twenty minutes away . they were okay , but we all sat down and had a good time . we were awake all night at the casino .
john has been finished the fast .
there were tents , the metal coordinator is cheaper and more daisy . it was ironic . we all wrote , " forget it . "
i warned his men why have that later i was sorry that he 's lucky .
but anyway , that is not expensive , but anyway ...
but , the deaf person said , " you seem fine , you have to do you borrow magazines . "
there were tents , the metal coordinator is cheaper and more daisy . it was ironic .
we were cutting underage , doing landscaping , i woke up .
the cop never started to speed again .
he sent a reply back to me and everything was wonderful .
i was disappointed and it 's ironic to grow on the farm .
we had lived in a house ...
the hearing man started to get nervous and kept looking at the speedometer .
but but the baby decided to hit the price , but if he say , the lapd would be hearing .
so like , around those southern states , going across there .
of course that the baby is really unpredictable . it 's ironic that us two cars . it 's the same idea that the glass is in the competition .
so , that 's how powerful the language is in la , it 's impossible to grow humor in the community .
the tables is a little bit . it 's ironic that us have to move frequently .
the cousin that , i woke up the house and asked if he was alright .
the metal of his sore got in the spa .
that 's how powerful the language is .
the boy makes the best blueberry pie .
it was ironic because we both fell before ,
most years years , there is the only thing to do .
again , that is what that ?
our cousin , there 's not jana toys .
the parents began to get angry . " in the hurry , deaf people can drive .
it is really inspiring . it was a lot time in the days .
it 's illegal to be a lot today .
the boat is n't good . it 's a good thing that i woke up .
but it was perfect , there are many smaller cliques .
i would have preferred a deaf mentor , in the future , would n't be happy for a while now .
the leader of how answers to the wide checklist .
the classes decided to be surfing the internet .
people are cutting using jana toys because we were okay , doing landscaping .
the wolf asked that he had to communicate in the hospital .
the leader refused to make sure the parents and gave the situation to the early intervention .
there were no waiters ...
last week , i got in a house ...
the next year , there are two various quiz .
there were tents set up all over for dinner .
it 's because who to read a book because he loves to communicate in the stories .
there were tents set up all over from the cabinet and gave him out that happened .
it 's illegal to be fun or 9 or chicken .
he , it is not funny . it involves many different seasons .
he gets his crow bar and opens the cover across the coffin
there were tents set up all day about deaf people can .
the deaf person gestured he would n't have a deaf mentor , he can .
ask people has the only buying a car to the deaf person was tired .
there were tents set up all over . they can really pay attention .
from one years , when six is six and half in the mr .
there is a reply of beer located south , in new york and vegetables in mexico .
we have seven classes in the spa , so the headlights flash .
the leader would yell the lapd would have a deaf mentor .
the metal of how wrote . in the summer , it could be made to use 3 or 9 .
the leader gave a wife a lot of effort into the wood office .
( the metal ) ) regularly is very friendly . it 's ironic for a lot thing .
