how many knew has the friends decided to ?
did mother buy a book ?
how many knew has the friends decided to ?
how many children has the friends traveled before ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
how many books has someone to ?
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
did the student buy a car already ?
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
i saw a sign it out .
how many children has ?
the students exchanged books .
is the grocery cold ?
did mother give to buy a book ?
how many children has travelling ?
did the teacher read a book yesterday ?
the students walked over and started talking .
the teacher is reading the grass .
why do n't they want the video phone last week ?
the teacher bought a house yesterday .
someone arrived .
ask for directions ?
what kind of party is it ?
ask for directions ?
how many children has travelling ?
the teacher is giving jana movies .
the students how many books .
how many knew has the group ...
how many children has travelling ?
the students exchanged books and movies .
has someone seen joan ?
the students read a book .
the deaf man have a leader that deaf people can drive .
there were a flat of route on the road .
people are homework .
... it is a research . i do n't know .
did he / she see something ?
the birds are singing .
... it was a close day .
the car is very broken .
it is ironic .
the car broke down .
my aunt is videophoning at 8 .
... over a hill ...
our ra lived to vermont because we got up .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
we went back through california . we picked up and pants up .
will the students read a book later ?
the teacher is eating movies .
the teacher finished reading the book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books does phil give to read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father will give john to john .
the student 's father 's car .
mother will buy a house .
john has told a book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students gave each of the students to read .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
john gave out the books .
mary 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should not buy a car .
john did n't see me .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's father bought a car .
will john give the car to john ?
john finished reading the book .
john will read a book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother move to movies ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books does phil give to read ?
john has not yet finished reading the book .
john did n't see me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that . john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
as for john , mary will have a car .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
yes , john must take ( his ) car .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john gave out his should read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john gave out his should read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john what what did john buy yesterday ?
who did john see mary ?
the student does n't have a party .
someone has a party .
what is the grocery phone ?
john used to move recently .
which books likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to john .
what did john buy yesterday ?
where did they drive to travel ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
which books likes chocolate ?
john 's former sitting and doors .
john did n't go .
who failed mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john did n't go .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
whose car is broken .
is that old car ?
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
is it healthy to lay out and tan ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the car is broken .
john knows the answer .
france 's king 's king .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found a car .
i left last week .
who failed mary ?
the car is broken .
what are jack nauseated ?
who loves john ?
john bought a car .
what kind of party is it ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a car .
john is giving a girl a car .
john found his keys .
john watches tv .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
i arrived .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john am reading a book .
the car is broken .
mother will buy a car .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to gives the book .
john found his keys .
john what what did john buy yesterday ?
someone found the car .
john is giving the girl a car .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken down .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many books did you know ?
the car broke down .
john arrived .
john is a big book .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john is a doctor .
i found my keys .
what did he / she / it go to bed for ?
the boy lived on the farm .
who did john see mary ?
and sue fell to new york .
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
i has a teacher to movies .
john is a doctor .
john bought a car .
what 's that for john ?
he finished reading the book .
who failed the exam ?
john used to gives the book .
did someone finish off ?
john 's mother arrived now .
john bought a car .
sue bought a car .
what did he / she / it go to bed for ?
the box is / it 's cool .
where did they drive to travel ?
john has n't found his keys yet .
what did he / she / it go to bed for ?
john used to gives the book .
john used to gives his morning .
john used to play football .
then he will buy a house ?
the teacher wants to finish his house .
did he / she / it finish reading the book , he is n't cancelled .
john is waiting until the test .
i was disappointed to read a book .
the teacher is really hard .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is really scary .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
mom is giving ( his ) mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to read chocolate .
john likes cars .
john wo n't like the movie .
the student likes books but does n't like reading .
what was john 's father 's car .
why did n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes movies , but not fine .
how many children has the teacher finished before ?
john is just given chocolate to his mother .
how many books should the game read ?
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
dad , is he / she will not like that book .
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
no , father likes john 's parents .
if there is no snow , john will read .
mother likes the movie .
as for john , he says ( he / it .
the teacher finished reading the book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the wife , i tried to read but he started to speed to the bored .
what is the grocery phone that ?
erick gave the three pigs for six night .
something , he was looking at the wood house .
maybe can they guess , it can be good . we can drive to the game .
so , they will make sure to sit to the deaf email .
it was important to read a lot because it 's cute .
he took the reply to the ra 's tail .
the cop walked over for dinner because he is six and half years . he is crazy !
his wife would yell his / her / her so is corn .
a cop gave the bag to us in the people , and walked up .
i ca n't believe the car is broken .
people are giving jana toys . oh , it 's awful .
... it would flood a lot because the child is deaf .
the cop goes to give the car to the deaf person 's life .
ask the whole group , who saw the back to the collar ?
if that waitress is deaf , that he / she / it is deaf .
the screening is deaf .
the wife is very upset .
erick got in the bus in the door , and not intervening and pans .
i was very upset because we got up and pans .
what kind of party is it ?
i hope you to come back .
should you host a name last week ?
i walked back upstairs .
a king king is very outside .
the hearing pigs got toward the pigs could sign and he daisy . it was close out ! so they were sitting , and saw the pigs .
erick gave me to see the reporter .
we sat down , and many people in the back , and another string before .
i got in a trunk and thought it was boring .
my family gave the bag in the room ; not good , well not not able to do good .
we got south in the bus , counselor , and burned , and burned ! "
... but i do n't know if i do n't know , i did n't care .
our boys are giving jana toys because we ca n't speak english because it is empty .
sure boston is a king , in september , far down and had a little in charge .
that kind of the car is deaf .
the hearing man was working .
so , we had to be good because we got back into seven o'clock at seven o'clock .
... before more than seven years at seven years .
people sat down and had a good of steak , and people mingling .
so we left , we should be moving to san diego and pans .
the wife well , right now because he 's not from home .
what how that kind of football is
who failed the exam ?
it will be important to read a lot because it will turn into a mouse .
we got back on six o'clock and dry , and many people are very dry . we decided to be compelled .
who wanted to be thrilled because i am innocent .
" the older person was really hard and it 's funny and it 's fine , " maybe we ca n't good how it 's funny , but we 'll see them . we waited and waited all night .
did you finish reading the lottery ?
in the meeting , it tends to be very hot and they had a good time and they are show at them .
ask the hearing semester , they are not any , hot , the glass is beautiful .
but the parents , the are lousy where you know , the glass is lousy broken .
in the la , the ra tended to give the deaf person .
vince parents were king and it is good and pen people people are very hot in the back .
last year , i got in a house . it was ironic because i 'm hot .
i decided to transfer to transfer .
vince gave the rose to the shower , in the semester , is both good of you toys .
ask the way , they were very hungry and it grew up for a long time .
our than seven years ago .
how how they guess , it 's safe to drive .
but he spit up the water .
the cop thought , " maybe you know , where do n't move on ? "
the king was big . really , it 's important to be good . well , the boy was not broken .
the parents gave the rope to the tail as the chimney and the baby is broken .
our family to give the rose to the car and make sure .
no , the car is really broken and it 's large .
no , it is deaf , but people were sitting , and burned the side of the car .
that kind of us were the offensive city .
my family grew to surf the guitar and tan .
what time , the boat is really big !
our family are on the farm because mac loves fresh meat .
the game is really hard .
people are not using jana toys . i woke up .
erick got in the bus , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker . "
four years ago at california state university northridge ...
seven years ago at 10 .
our ra lived to surf the club because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
i was picked to join the club . i got up and pans .
i just left and it might n't be dry , hot !
... and whether how fast are in the group in the l.a .
there used to not like a lot because the lights was churning .
erick got in the bus , counselor , haha , counselor , and social string . "
the wife was in the summer ; it is deaf . it must be their hot .
ask the fruits group of california and vegetables at california .
if there 's no snow , my mom will continue .
last day , i got up on the farm .
the wife was very hard and thought , " maybe you sure ? "
the parents would be hearing and he got up slowly and pans .
vince gave the rose to the hospital to read because he / she will read more .
in the event of six , when people were sitting and it 's impossible to fall out .
it tends to be very hot because it 's hot outside .
the baby headed down his life 's life .
the bag and pries the husky pigs .
sure the parents grew in a room people people in the very idea and they discuss about people .
the wife was very hard and they have a deaf person . he 's coming now .
the wife is very hard . deaf , that deaf people can not hear it in the back .
he got up the motorcycle , he picked up the lid , it can .
it was very hot and they would have to join them because we used to approach for example .
because people people are , it is a good time . if it 's snowing , school wo n't be cancelled .
seven years ago , since you know , the boss will lousy .
our ra lived in a restaurant because the three pigs grew up .
in the meeting , lapd are very very hot because they ca n't know what to do -- they doing cut to the joint because there is air because they have to be able to join them .
vince gave a king a lot of beer everwhere .
not the study , the ra is broken .
