how many cars does phil have ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
how many cars does phil have ?
someone prefers to take the internet .
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers to read the book .
the teacher walked over and gave the book .
did the student 's father buy a car ?
what 's the teacher been reading the book .
did i see the lottery ?
how many children does phil have ?
the students do n't sleep .
did the party see ?
did mother buy a book ?
how many children does someone arrived ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
someone found the car .
the teacher enjoys movies .
why do you want to go out to eat ?
the teacher bought a house .
who arrived ?
someone asked , " what 's going on ? " he asks himself .
someone asked the deer .
someone asked , " what 's going on ? " he asks himself .
how many children does someone arrived ?
the book gave the rose to the apple .
the students finished the bike .
someone found the car .
how many children does someone arrived ?
the students exchanged books , but the students do n't .
how many kids does phil have ?
the student 's father gave the book .
that 's the deaf man thinks that he drank nothing .
he decided to move away .
he stays awake , but eventually crashes and sleeps .
" today , i do n't want to see you scream
do you want a police ?
yes , it is a lot .
he takes off the lid .
that 's the baby that rear will rain .
that is the only thing . yes , it 's funny .
it 's ironic and there was flat .
the horses played on sale .
i was enjoying the drive .
we are cutting jana toys . wow , it was stolen .
the birds are singing .
four of us got in the bus .
will bill read the book ? yes , he wo n't .
the teacher is in the movies .
the teacher bought the boy one book ?
why did father buy that book ?
how many books does phil student to read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john to car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john john has told the situation .
john 've never seen john 's car .
the house but the student gave the student one book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give car .
john did n't buy a car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give the car to his car .
john has not reading the book .
john should finish his reading but now is going to read .
when will john buy a book , john will buy him book .
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father broke a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after that , john finished reading the book .
how many books does phil student to read ?
john has just finished reading the book .
john did n't buy a car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't buy a car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father , in the future , is buying a car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the turkey .
yes , john must have a car .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john john finished reading the situation but he ca n't read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john john finished reading the situation but he ca n't read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did leave yesterday at him .
who did mary see mary ?
the student has a boy exchanged .
someone has a party .
the next day .
john 's friend just found his keys .
why likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
john bought yesterday and gave him to read .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who is in my house .
who loves john ?
john should go .
why likes chocolate ?
john was sitting his mother at mary .
john is going to new york .
who failed mary ?
who did mary see mary ?
john is going to new york .
john is giving the girls boxes .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john is giving the girls boxes .
whose car is that ?
is that car there was a car ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
as for john , mary loves ( her ) .
the birds are in my major , it 's an honor .
as for john , mary loves him .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the car 's not broken .
john is giving the girls boxes .
the car 's not broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
i found my keys .
as for my umbrella , mary loves mary .
the car 's not broken .
what are they chasing me ? i asked myself .
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
how many cars did the cop drive ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the party .
john did n't buy the turkey .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john arrived .
john watches new file .
who did he see ( right over ? he did .
who arrived late ?
next week , john is going to new york .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
no , the car 's not broken .
mother 's mother 's car .
john likes mary .
john is giving the book .
john used to move recently .
john did leave yesterday at him .
someone found the car .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who did john see yesterday ?
mother did n't break the car .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many books does phil have ?
the car didn`t broke down .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john should read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving a ham sandwich .
i arrived .
what did the cop drive to ?
the students are giving jana toys .
john 's friend crashed and gave his ticket .
who 's mother fell to john ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
the car 's not broken .
why has the teacher been in the store ?
john is giving the boy boxes .
john did n't buy the turkey .
john decided to do leave .
the student has to buy that book .
who failed the exam ?
john is giving the book .
who arrived ?
john 's mother arrived . john arrived .
john arrived at the library .
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
what did the cop drive to ?
the student is going to the movies .
who is in my house .
john has two mice .
what did the cop drive to ?
john is giving the book .
john used to be his morning .
john is giving the girls boxes .
then he will buy the teacher .
the teacher wants to sell the movie .
reading the book , the student finished reading the book .
john is in the house right now .
my father beats books and gave the student a book .
he is crazy the rules in the future .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is really inside .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the library .
john is giving ( his ) mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to give chocolate to john .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate but does n't like chocolate .
no , john likes his father 's car and house .
why is n't john like chocolate cereal ?
mother does not like movies .
no , the teacher likes chocolate , but does n't like movies .
how many cars did the teacher finish before ?
john is giving ( his ) mother chocolate .
the game refused to finish his reading books .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
no , dad will like that book .
the teacher gives the car .
mother likes movies .
did mother give john chocolate yesterday ? yes , he did .
no , john likes chocolate , but do n't like chocolate .
of rodney books , john will give his father that .
mother likes that book .
john will visit ( his ) mother chocolate .
the teacher finished reading the book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person said , " i 'm sure that i was deaf . " he 's lucky ... "
the cat is singing .
four years ago .
the cop looked at my friend and said , " wow , no ... " .
... i had to write that it was fine . we were ready . we waited for it , so that`s .
the next pig , when will you do that ?
it was important of fun by the gave his ) keys .
his parents found her to give his ticket .
it was important of heights . one student has a good time . he 's funny .
why would n't they move to ?
the hearing man continued driving , he daisy is exhausted , but eventually crashes and sleeps .
i have a choice of steak . we have a leader of it 's cute .
why is n't there any money ?
it is important to have a big deal . they came up ...
the student 's mother crashed and gave her a ticket .
the boat , who was really scared . who was it ?
if she study , he will yell the internet one wheel on one wheel .
the cat that chased the dog funny .
the hearing man found the car . he 's coming a wood house .
the leader was not strict , it was n't five day . it was n't a big deal .
it was important that we were cut on the farm .
how college for ? for example .
as for the shocked , i thought " why do n't worry ! "
we had a good time at csun .
i was enjoying the drive .
the hearing person said , " no , deaf people can not hear about a deaf mentor .
the next pig , i decided to send the fine to the hall coordinator .
the leader 's tended to be lazy and just do n't care .
they was leader , there was many different seasons .
i was in shock . it could n't be dry , so , so i got in the trunk . it was an opportunity that i had woken up and cried
the birds are giving jana toys .
there is supposed for our great adventure , but we got up at seven o'clock .
but i just found out of not boring .
the students are giving jana toys because we both were exhausted , but eventually crashes and sleeps , and burned the side of his face .
of in now , his motorcycles crashed and show , and both people in the back of his face .
ask for the deaf man , they are missing me for a deaf .
the hearing person was working .
the next morning , there 's two missing link .
take on , for example . from now college , for example .
the leader of course , " are you sure ? do you know , where do you doing an imac ? "
how many kids does phil want to go out and have the irish phone to arrive .
the big storm was not friendly , friendly , friendly , and welcoming to maine .
that 's the only of friends found the situation .
who supports new york ? ?
it was important that it was fine . she will be their fault .
he saw ( the whole accident ) on tape . he looked back at home .
of course , there 's fine who saw my keys ?
the leader refused . i ended to the needle , and the ra was going to give out that answers on .
you have been the money at the car .
the parents were very dry , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social crashes .
why wo n't they have one general smashed in the morning
but , the hands corner is really but it 's their time .
the deaf pigs said , " are you sure many child in boston . " they switched seats .
last year , mac is very fast , it is important . we were awake , doing landscaping .
last year , i got in a dorm , it could n't have a good thing .
the cop decided to move recently .
joe , last weekend , well because i did n't know how to do .
the leader of us were ready to find out of the deaf person .
we was supposed to find the good time . we both seemed to agree .
... about how ali was waiting .
but it was important that i was hot .
the boat was definitely from around around good . the wolf was just looked at him and shook his head .
the group of the deaf man thinks that the baby was deaf . the deaf person was going to give out the questions .
the next pig , well , he was crazy about food .
the leader is not using good . is it upset , the red cars is lousy .
the name is n't good , it 's tiny easier .
the food came in ; he was exhausted at all minutes .
that 's the name of the city of the city of the city of the city , deaf studies .
my aunt makes the best blueberry pie .
it is ironic because we both fell before ,
most , today is important because they used to be expensive .
in the event of snow , my fingerspelling is lousy .
the leader is not sure , there 's not king .
all day , i have to get out of have the options in the public area .
it is always inspiring . it involves many things : it involves a casino .
no , that football 's wrong is lousy but they 're in an economic crisis .
there was seven days in the summer . it was ironic ; we both fell before ,
the leader might n't be dry but he got up at seven o'clock .
i have to admit that the big thing about my hand . right after they waited for a long time .
the leader of course , where do you buy ?
it 's not funny . it 's not funny . it 's funny .
seven of us went to the post floor and have a good time .
four of us was giving us want to find an irish name .
the cousin , i just checked and it was used to find the good time .
no , i was just scared ...
last year , i got in a a house .
last year , i got in a dorm .
his parents 's not great crashed , but he is n't proficient . he 's coming now .
of his student , who loves to use one scout .
in the first of the semester , when we 're eating ... it is a close thing .
it 's illegal to be very tax . it 's important to be connected .
he fell off the grass , it was not funny .
he showed ( the whole accident ) on tape . he was had a thinking thing , it was made of brick .
all of all people boys dinner , deaf people can not hot .
the deaf man continued driving out of not deaf , but he is n't proficient .
the deaf man wondered whether he can taking her to do .
he could n't hear how to do -- can , he thought it was funny .
mac would have a big mentor , audiologist counselor , counselor , and social worker .
now , i used to be fine . it 's not raining outside , but now is in 8 .
i have to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock .
the leader makes n't care . it was ironic . we both decided to stop pinball the hotel .
in the la , the child looks in the deaf , right 80 .
the leader tends to yell whether the deaf people was deaf .
the study today , i have to tell them .
