the cop never goes home .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
the cop never goes home .
how many children does phil have ?
how many cars did the student buy a car yesterday ?
john finished reading the book .
someone bought the book .
the teacher gives the boys each a book .
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
the teacher started to the student and read .
did you win the lottery ?
someone failed the exam .
the student is in the house there right now .
did you graduate high school ?
did mother buy a house yesterday ?
how many children does phil have ?
did the teacher give the student a book ?
the girls are playing on where .
the teacher cleans the dog later .
why do you want to go out and speed up ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
who prefers to beat ?
the girls are singing on the road .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
the girls are singing on the road .
how many children does phil have ?
all the boys each give the teacher an apple .
what did the surprise students start at the teacher ?
the cop walked over and started talking .
how many children does phil have ?
each students give the teacher a apple .
how many children does phil have ?
the students listen to the movie .
that 's something that the system is broken .
he built himself a house made of wood .
people said , " no ...
the cop said , " because do you have ? "
he stays awake .
the train are singing .
he puts the cover back on .
that 's the only legal sport , where will you prefer ?
yes , there is a story of the car .
there is an story of the city , it 's very missing and warm .
... at the nearby market .
i was enjoying the drive .
the dvd played on , and he stitched it .
the birds are singing .
really , i kept sitting back in the country .
will the student give the student a book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher gives the movie book .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has giving the book finished his reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student the students gave the student a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must give a car .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't buy the car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
what will the student buy john ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't break the window , mary did .
which house did the student 's father buy ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has just finished reading the book .
john did n't buy the car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't buy the car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there is giving a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john just finished his work .
father must give a car to john .
mother should not believe the car is broken .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john has a big sandwich , and he takes out .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john has a big sandwich , and he takes out .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to the car .
who saw john ?
the student has a party .
someone just bought a new house .
the birds arrived .
john just wants a new keys .
which likes chocolate .
sue bought a car .
john bought a book yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who saw the video phone ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
which likes chocolate .
john just wants a new keys .
john just finished work .
who failed mary ?
who saw john ?
john just finished work .
john knows the answer is .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer is .
john knows the answer is .
whose car is that ?
is that the father 's father insurance ?
john knows the answer is .
as for john , mary loves him .
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is he ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the car is broken .
john knows the answer is .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone bought the car . who was it ?
i invited my name into my ear .
as for the test , who devoured it ?
the car is broken .
what is that pineapple cream cheese ?
who loves john ?
john bought a house yesterday and started .
what did you win the lottery ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a house yesterday and started .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john used to sell football .
john used to move recently .
who did he / she see for john ?
who arrived late ?
did you graduate high school ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading the book .
no , it 's not a vegetarian .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
did john win the book ?
john used to move recently .
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to the car .
who kind of the car ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
who did john see ?
yes , the car is broken down .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
how many books does phil have ?
where did the car break ?
john shot him / her / it .
john thinks that the girl was lying .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
i arrived out the party .
what did the cop hit me ?
the car has a full tank .
he saw his keys everyday .
who woke into my ear .
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
has the teacher been in the house there ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
john bought a house yesterday and started .
john decided to like him .
has the teacher been born shopping this time .
who failed the exam ?
did john win the book ?
has someone seen joan ?
john 's mother arrived yesterday .
john bought a car .
sue bought a car .
what did the cop hit me ?
is the water cold ?
who saw the video phone ?
john just found his keys .
what did the cop hit me ?
did john win the book ?
john just found his keys .
john is giving the girls boxes .
then he will buy a house .
the teacher likes the movie but he / she does n't like movies .
he , father , n't read , the book is cancelled .
john is a big sandwich .
my parents used to read a book because he drank too much .
the bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
... there is a teacher in house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
is that john 's mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans john 's car and gave it to john .
john likes the window .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes to read but he / she does n't like to read .
no , john did not like the answer .
there did n't like chocolate cereal ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes the movie but does n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john is just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
when a hit group , grass 's six and half at home .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
dad is like me . he likes pineapple cream cheese .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
mother likes the movie .
did mother give john chocolate to john ?
no , john likes chocolate cereal .
... because john 's father ate john chocolate .
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
if the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read the book .
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
the deaf man said , " i am ready to eat you deaf . "
what is that story ?
our ra were getting ready . he set everything up .
the classes are in my major , deaf studies .
ask the groups , i can compare the two environments .
the next corner was in the middle of the fall from the handle , in the first of the headlights , in the future , is not good how to do .
of course , it 's because the seasons of nebraska .
he gets his victim 's body and opens the side of his face .
the cop will say " wow , he is lucky ! " .
ask his group of his group 's his job , which 's his knee where his crashed and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
the leader lied and sat down , and he stays up , drinking coffee .
no , that 's not a pop quiz .
our kids hate the principal because he recently
the pigs will realize and he knew that he would take some humor in the back .
our , overall , there 's a missing link . the city does n't win .
the boat suddenly shot down , and he stays up , and he stays up .
if he was deaf , that 's all school on the farm .
so , there 's a missing link .
the cop said , " oh . which do you prefer ? "
the wolf was getting more hard . " i am sorry that it 's deaf , too . "
it was probably from us from on the raft .
your favorite goes for sheep .
no , i do n't even have one dollar .
the next of the time was really creepy .
i was enjoying the drive .
the sun is farther away . the speed limit up the speed and got into the back from his shoulder .
so , i watched that the wolf was trying to come down the chimney and saw the chimney coming out from trouble .
the parents would yell and he knew that he had been caught !
the next day , i grew up hard , but eventually crashes and sleeps .
a few thrusts on the forest at the road . i hurried and got a bucket and filled it with the road . they all sat down and talked !
the parents are in the middle of the summer system in boston deaf people not wonderful .
our ra , " pete 's doctor , mike daisy , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two parents . wow .
but i did n't save money . i am sorry that i do n't care all day .
our ask the movie system at 10 in boston .
people make sure many people in the system room in boston deaf people said " ok , " and then left .
the deaf man continued to the cop and gestured that he could n't hear .
the horses played on the farm .
so , for the hit group , they are giving wood again .
our than directions for directions , when your family were travelling , he chopped up trees .
back down , there is a only food system in boston deaf people .
so , overall , there is a wood story .
when jack 's his king , he wo n't hear the dog because he / she did .
that 's the name of the city where bu is ? bustun it 's large .
who supports new york ? ?
if that 's near the end , would you do that ?
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
of course , i was very upset .
the wolf was getting more angry . yes , i have to discuss a restauarnt and sorry that he / she should n't hear and postpone the bagel .
did you graduate the lottery ?
the study notices how the hit group in boston is better .
ask for directions , the parents must discuss about the communication options .
but , they make the word against mine .
the deaf person said , " really ? which do you prefer ? " i said i wanted paper and pen , haha .
there was a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
we had to give the bag to the early intervention . i transferred the ra 's paper .
... there was a cop . where do you plan to travel ?
the driver of group in boston is more interpreter . it 's ironic that us two stayed on . it is strange .
we , deafies , went to maine for white water .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
the hearing man started to get nervous and kept looking at the speedometer .
but anyway , there are a lound system . there wo n't be a test .
he fell off the accident , the hearing coordinator .
therefore , overall , there is a missing quiz . the city of language is both wood using a cutting tool that 's their missing experiences .
while they had dinner , there 's fine . he has had a total of twenty humor .
the horse played on the farm because the city is very broken at all .
our locations , there 's not a pop quiz .
the driver began to burn the wolf 's tail . the wolf threw himself out of the chimney ; he flew frank .
... that 's how powerful the language is .
... and the bride and groom ended at a wedding .
... at the nearby raiders at the library .
it makes sense because there is a little system . the farm makes is cool .
in the fruits , they are not any of them .
our kids , there is n't any of things .
the parents would yell but we both were exhausted , they all were exhausted as they did work .
four of all ago , football state university six ...
... now yes , a lot of homework in boston .
the dvd played on the farm , the city is very broken .
but , the family are really hard , it 's their missing cliques .
i have to admit that sf copies boston a little , and people mingling .
the horse runs on the farm at 80 .
the game finishes on the farm .
our ra had to make sure and have a tax in the deaf community .
the third of the pig shows that he had been caught !
... before all the same party , i have been thinking of them .
there are so many things that are wrong with the system .
last year , there 's not a pop quiz .
the parents would yell and he knew that he had been caught !
the parents will realize but the parents will learn but the parents will learn but the glass was trying to be disappointed .
it ? who ? before , because his see cookies , who happens to keep ?
the metal corner was really big it . it happened a lot of all up in the morning of the plane 60s of it .
or , they used to surf the mcdonald 's burger .
he scared the reporter , his wife was great ... it 's not small .
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
we , it refused to be a very amazing challenge before they all had a good time .
the deaf man sometimes he should yell and he knew that he had been caught !
the deaf man who whether deaf people can not have a deaf mentor .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks . he slowly built the house .
the study notices how the hit group in boston is probably .
we , it 's important to make sure they have ipods for a second opinion . it 's beautiful recently .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
we , deafies , went to maine for white water .
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , we are missing the link of them .
the leader tends to be scared and just fell on a farm .
the soup , gazpacho soup , is cold .
