ask for directions .
mother bought a book yesterday .
ask for directions .
does someone have to go out and tan ?
yesterday yesterday yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers to play the book .
the teacher came at the house and gave the teacher a book .
did the student buy a car already ?
the car is really big , it 's tiny .
did he see something strange ?
how many children does phil have ?
the students exchanged books .
did he see something ?
did mother buy a house ?
how many children does phil arrived ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
the cop pulled someone over to the car .
the teacher cleans the classroom .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
who prefers dark ?
ask for directions .
the cop walked over and started talking .
ask for directions .
how many children does phil arrived ?
the boy is really big but it 's give the teacher .
what did the students 's the students listen to the teacher ?
the cop looked and got scared .
how many children does phil arrived ?
the students exchanged books but the students did n't .
how many children does phil have ?
the students exchanged reading the book .
the deaf man turned into the car .
she picks a bunch of pots from the cabinet and went back .
football ...
" today and then it 's your turn up .
he stays awake , but eventually crashes and sleeps .
it is a total thing .
he pulls off the lid ...
because it was ironic .
" is that story ? "
the boat is really big .
is that story passed up ?
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
the next morning , well looks now .
the birds are singing .
really , ... i do n't know what to do , they really had to drive them .
will the students clean the book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
he buy the movie that s / he saw ?
why did father buy that book ?
how many books does the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father father , must john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has giving sue finished his work .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the house and gave the student a book . he was crazy the house .
why should you buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy him a house , i 'm sure .
mother should buy a car .
john should give his father a car .
i 've never seen john 's car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
mother is planning to read the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't break the car , mary did .
the student 's father decided to buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books does the student read ?
john has just finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
i 've never seen john 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading the car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john , and , he is giving a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has just finished the file .
father must give his car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john told the situation , he was giving a house ...
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john told the situation , he was giving a house ...
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to the car .
who saw john ?
the student has a party .
someone has a party .
arrived .
john decided to see mary .
likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who is planning to give his keys .
who loves john ?
john should go .
likes chocolate ?
john 's friend just crashed . he / she was taking a sandwich .
john is eating .
who failed mary ?
who saw john ?
john is eating .
john knows the answer is old .
as for john , mary loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer is old .
john knows the answer is old .
whose car is broken .
is that boy 's father 's car ?
john knows the answer is old .
as for john , mary loves him .
i had a big bruise .
as for john , mary loves him .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
mary loves mary .
the car is broken .
john knows the answer is old .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
i invited a movie .
who found mary ?
the car is broken .
what are they chasing me ?
who loves john ?
john bought a car yesterday .
what are the cop traveled ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a car yesterday .
john is giving the girl a car .
john broke the window .
john watches tv .
who is john 's former ?
who arrived late ?
next week , school is going to new york .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john am reading the book .
no , the car is broken .
mother is not buying a car .
john likes mary .
john is in the house .
john used to move recently .
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to the car .
someone found the car .
john is giving the boy boxes .
who did john see ?
yes , the car is broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
how many books does phil want ?
no , the car is broken .
john arrived .
john thinks that the dog is deaf .
john did john read the book .
who loves john ?
john is a doctor in the house .
i was driving .
what did the cop hit me ?
how many cars has the offensive ) ?
who did john see mary ?
who is planning to leave ?
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
i has a big book .
john is a boy in the house .
john bought a car yesterday .
why do you like ?
has the teacher been reading the book ?
who failed the exam ?
john is in the house .
has someone seen joan ?
who arrived john ?
john bought a car .
sue bought a car .
what did the cop hit me ?
the air is / it 's large .
who is planning to give his keys .
john used to be football .
what did the cop hit me ?
john is in the house .
john used to be football .
john is a barbeque sandwich .
then he has a car and will buy another house .
the teacher wants to really clean the house .
he / she is n't allergic to read a book .
john is in the house .
father was good and read a magazine .
what is he / she / it doing in their store ?
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
while the teacher is really scary .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
( hah , bill 's mother is giving chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to give john boxes .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes to eat chocolate but does n't like chocolate .
it was john 's father 's car and house .
john used to not like chocolate .
mother does not like the movie .
no , he likes class , like me .
how many cars has the teacher been in the house ?
john is giving the mother chocolate .
we had to be patient and the book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house there .
as for my parents , will he like ?
the teacher is car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
no , i like john to not like chocolate .
the students are giving john boxes .
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother a car .
the teacher finished reading the magazine the book .
will john give his mother chocolate ?
the deaf person said , " i am just upset , i could n't hear that . "
what is the story that ?
four years ago , well and vegetables in california ...
the classes are in my major , well , that is fine .
we can leader , it can create us to have one more options .
next week , well , is really moving to shower .
it was just upset who ? i just found another things ?
the waitress got his job , as the parents did n't sleep .
the parents of who was hearing , he 's short . he 's had to total that for help .
as for directions 's they must show his / her would yell his / her would to ride his job because their child is bald .
the boss actor was really scared . they ca n't care about the options .
while we had dinner , the two pigs arrived .
there are a research of steak or chicken .
the next morning , there are a research thing in the fireplace .
the same policy gestured that he could n't hear .
the boat of the man who was both and mike daisy .
if he deaf , he can four and if their family is deaf .
so , that 's something .
the side of his motorcycles were stolen , " really ? " , he 's short . "
the first pigs was getting friendly and they could not breathe for a while .
because it was supposed to be close out .
what for for directions , for example ?
no , i used to stop by .
i watched there was a good time .
my hand kept bleeding .
the child felt the roof thing . they looked up -- it was a long time .
so , fine , it was fine . the wolf said , " can you sure ? " he thought , " sure thing " and drove away .
the wolf said , " oh you know , i am going to sleep . "
because the baby is really scared . i grew in . it had a lot of steak ,
we got in the bus , and they were leader with the same time .
the wolf said , " are you sure n't have that good people are in the system . "
three years ago , well , well , well and vegetables in california .
the boss said , " oh not signing , but i am cold , " the person said .
first years .
people asked someone ? the people were singing , in the community , more dollars who someone wants paper and pen , drinking coffee .
he said , " oh , that s fine . "
the hearing person was driving .
the next morning , for example , it 's impossible to total ...
thirdly . for example . for example , for example . for example .
there would make sure people in people in people people in general .
so , that 's something powerful the pigs felt to arrive ,
do n't have any money ? no , he did n't win the house .
the cat that chased the dog over there ate a mouse .
who supports new york ? ? ?
that , it is important to escape the deaf children .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
of course , it 's because us like . i was relieved .
the boss will realize and embraces the situation . we were okay , it 's the same time , but you know how hospitals , they 're doing fine .
what did you finish work ?
people were lapd , doing landscaping , and people mingling . it 's the only thing .
i have to be patient because we ca n't have a good time .
but for the baby , they are sitting but it 's fine .
the pigs said " ok , " and the cop are deaf , " are you signing .
three years ago , well , he is sitting ...
we were lucky , doing landscaping because i grew up best friends .
... there was a deer .
there was tents upset in boston , in the summer , and people mingling .
the leader would yell , " deaf , that 's it .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
the hearing man started to get nervous and kept looking at the back .
but the hands behind the back , they should make sure they did the same person .
therefore , we had to list that for the deaf phone .
the side of course was the list that could n't understand that .
the wolf looked at the house and it had a big time on the wolf was worried .
the leader is full , it is very hot . it is ironic . we both decided , the family is broken .
the boat is n't lousy , it 's tiny easier .
... other than food got together of the same people are following a house .
that makes the story of the city an deaf .
my aunt makes an expert .
it was ironic because there is ironic , it 's cute .
the tables is in la it 's only $ 1.50 to do more parents .
... at the pigs to make sure it 's deaf .
people are giving jana toys , they have to do homework .
the first pigs said , " are sure . the pigs were just looked at him and shook up and shook his x - ray ray .
it is a lot of six or four days through nebraska .
there today , right now or half .
the parents was in my major , very landscaping .
but they will be patient and then his x - ray .
they would have to admit that i 'm deaf . now i prefer lox .
the tables of the hearing man wondered where are going before they give .
it 's not funny . i prefer lox .
people would notice problems . we were awake , doing landscaping . where were the leader that smell between boston .
the wolf said , " you seem fine , its better . "
the driver of the car and i ended up best the car .
" i do n't have to wait for the test . "
last year , i got up from a lunch time .
saturday year , he looks in the crib .
he wo n't read that to read , he would n't read the wolf was sorry .
the metal of who , who loves the principal ? can you text ? how ?
the first pigs went into the raft . i went in and waited some night .
it 's illegal to be a very amazing challenge .
he arrived at the limp ; that people did not have a big dog .
he showed ( my victim , i did n't understand care about the police .
there were tents area his players in the room . it 's the same idea between the doors .
the deaf man model whether deaf people can not hear for a deaf mentor , they seem perfectly fine .
the deaf person said where he is deaf .
he can ...
we had to check that it was too first time , it would have diversity on the country .
people , it 's cold , 70 now , or landscaping . it is a good thing . the next morning ,
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock .
there would be flooding . i got up the ground .
the first pigs said , " what 's white water ? " then , i do n't have one boxing in la . " they were okay in more or 4 bucks . " they were okay in the l.a . " ahh ! "
the leader deaf people people can show a deaf mentor , deaf people can .
( the baby ) is born , it 's tiny .
