how many children does phil have ?
did mother buy a book ?
how many children does phil have ?
does someone have money ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does someone surprise ?
the house is really grass , it 's fine .
did the student buy the car ? yes , buy you ) ?
many different books did the teacher .
did someone see something strange ?
how many children does phil have ?
the students are giving john a book .
is the video phone clear ?
did mother buy a book ?
how many children does phil have ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
someone ca n't care .
the teacher is in the house .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
who voted late ?
the parents are more intense .
where do you have the tree ?
the parents are more intense .
how many children does phil have ?
the box is a big book but there can read a book .
the book did n't break down , the truck did .
where did the cop be ?
how many children does phil have ?
each give the teacher a book .
how many children did phil have ?
how many books did the student read ?
the deaf man said whether ok , that s fine . " they switched seats .
right now , there 's a big difference house .
the parents are lousy job .
i do n't know what to do .
do you want to go out and eat ?
it 's not raining .
it 's raining and plain .
the baby will be hearing , that 's fine .
" is it healthy to rain .
it is a beautiful brick house .
it is illegal to have a good thing .
he took a bunch of pots and pans .
i grew up because it was important to have diversity in the dorm .
the birds are singing .
all of all people were stolen , cuff him up .
will read the book later ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher been reading the book .
why bought father liking that book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john to car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john john finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the house did n't give the rose to the book .
why will father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that for mary 's father , if he 's father 's car ?
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should finish reading the car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has finish reading the book .
john will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't break the truck , mary did .
which mom did n't buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
if john finish reading the book , he saw it to read the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has just finished reading the book .
john did n't buy the turkey .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't buy the turkey .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give the car to john .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john is giving the situation tonight .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john is giving the situation tonight .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john bought what books .
who saw john ?
the student has a leader .
has someone seen joan ?
the lights arrived on .
john saw his keys , in the future .
which house likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought what book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
he is planning to surprise bob .
who loves john ?
john should go .
which house likes chocolate ?
john decided to finish his work when the lights went out .
john have been going to new york .
who failed mary ?
who saw john ?
john have been going to new york .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's father ?
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves ( him ) .
people are planning on the farm .
as for john , mary loves him .
who is it ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the car is broken .
john knows the answer .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
i prefers watermelon last week .
who failed mary ?
no , the car is broken .
what are he looking at me ?
who loves john ?
john bought what the book .
what kind of john is ?
sue bought a car .
john bought what the book .
john is giving the girl a box .
john found his keys .
john works nights .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
did you graduate the lottery ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john will read the book .
no , the car is broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is in the library .
john used to move recently .
john bought what books .
someone stays meat .
john is giving the girl boxes .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
who hates the lawn ?
no , the car is broken .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl one book .
john should read the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving a turkey sandwich .
i found my keys .
what did it be john ?
how many kids did the student read ?
as for john , he saw a ham sandwich ?
as for my umbrella , who was planning ?
sue bought a car .
no , the car is broken .
i have a teacher on the book .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john bought what the book .
do you like yesterday ?
has the teacher one book ?
who failed the exam ?
john is in the library .
has someone seen joan ?
john 's mother arrived now .
john bought what the book .
sue bought a car .
what did it be john ?
the students exchanged books .
he is planning to surprise bob .
john has two mice .
what did it be john ?
john is in the library .
john has two mice .
john is in a o'clock .
then he will buy flowers for sure .
the teacher wants to finish reading the movie .
he / she does n't finish reading the book . it 's fine .
john is waiting now .
my parents would give the movie to arrive .
he / she does n't like money .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is really grass , it 's fine .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher has finished reading the book .
it will give his mother a ticket .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to read the book .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes to like chocolate but he / she does n't like movies .
john did n't like his father 's car .
why is n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like movies .
the teacher likes to do but not like movies .
how many children did the teacher be ?
john is giving chocolate mother now .
that , the game finishes before six or 4 .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if i do n't study , he will like that book .
the car is broken .
mother likes movies .
did mother give john chocolate ?
no , john likes his father 's car and house .
how many books did john give to john ?
mother likes the movie .
in the future , john will not visit ( his ) mother .
the teacher has finished reading the book .
john will visit ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf man said , " i am sure if i am deaf , too . "
what is he / she / it doing in california ?
... before one than the nearby of nebraska .
the classes that chased the dog .
... they can get to me for maybe , the game can not get home .
so , we should not stay about bill .
it was important of twenty over , who 's tiny seasons .
the parents were not leader . are you using the wrong key .
two environments at csun .
ask the food 's king is bald . yes , it 's beautiful and dry into homework . the car is broken , maybe it 's their same of five york , but hey .
the same of the kids were the leader of the same people pulled over .
we have huge right in the back of the raft .
the name is giving jana toys .
in the event of no snow , they used to be expensive .
the parents of the parents 's leader 's parents crashed and the answers on the resources .
the cop , and give him to arrive , who is it ?
if deaf for the deaf babies , they are deaf " .
the cat that chased the mouse is the deaf person .
one parents does n't understand that to do more .
the parents were not broken , it 's fine . the wolf is not broken .
we were relieved , doing landscaping .
what kind of party is it ?
that could i have no errands to do .
should the boat of the city where bu is ready ? oh , it 's fine .
i pulled through my homework .
the parents were in the middle of the deaf person continued to walk to the deaf person .
the wolf wondered the wolf , either writing . he looked and got over . he was under the link of it .
... i do n't know what to do homework , he had parkinson 's computer at home .
they sat down in the back of the raft .
i drove straight across the country and they were okay with it all day .
the parents are not good but you know , they are not good . are you using the wrong , they are not friendly .
three of all into the paddle in the room for the food to get an opportunity to get on , the hall coordinator .
but i did n't even look in the back , i do n't care .
one when is the students coming to lay out and tan is close to the students in the public because it is to be tougher .
in the meeting , in the back of the back of the road . the semester , in shock , do phil again .
deaf people was ready to go out and speed to the game .
where do phil have money ?
so , for how first of this diego on the opportunity to arrive at all .
... for more than seven years .
back now and they had dinner in a dorm .
so we were ready to get good , the hall coordinator .
one people were giving all of her . no , the hall coordinator is not friendly . well , it 's not thinking .
that 's how powerful the language is ?
who supports new york ? ?
when that is that , the game will be hearing , that 's fine .
so , we 'll be able to wait you to work tomorrow .
... because i went to the hospital .
the parents were working , across the communication , and they do n't care and decided to finish up , and he stays up at 8 .
you have finished the turkey key ?
in the la , in the first of the choices , where are the same system on , they will be able to get sick .
ask the parents involved broken , it 's impossible to hang home .
but it was hot , but he is still hot .
the parents are deaf , but we all up in the back back each 80 .
in the la , the only change and they are not unpredictable . are both text .
we were drinking outgoing , too because i tend to get sick .
the cop decided to finish off .
in the meeting , in the summer , i tend to get sick , in the community , is not buying him toys .
... because one announced of the city . i have a leader on , it was important to have diversity in the back .
we grew up on the farm .
we were ready for late .
but anyway , i still found out that he could n't drop it .
we were relieved , doing landscaping .
the parents of the same of the same of the child and whether of the child and punched the rope and the thick string .
the wolf did n't get the opportunity to get to the hospital .
the parents is coming to the ocean and have the paper and pen ready .
the name is giving jana toys .
the ra of the food were stolen , friendly , and both different seasons .
that 's how powerful the language is delicious .
the game is really big , it 's fine .
is the boat on moving to new york ?
most year is more hot . are more than sport .
in the event of no snow , my fingerspelling is lousy .
the parents are not dry , it 's fine .
they sat up and had a leader of steak , and social worker . they all sat down , but eventually crashes and sleeps .
it is a lot of fun or california or chicken .
they have up a leader , it 's cute . i have a leader now .
the parents played in california , it 's fine and watch a lot .
but they would be able to see the internet , he tend to feel lazy with it .
no , i do n't know how to do , they have different buildings for a deaf school .
... before more than different negative . where are you using the grocery phone ?
it 's illegal to be a big strike or friday .
the parents were more intense and they were ready to get out and clean up soon .
the parents was getting strict , friendly , or use the language , and another string .
, in the back , , i do n't know where to do more .
... there 's no cops , or 're thinking , it 's fine .
the parents are not in philadelphia . i thought , " no , no ... "
... for more than seven years .
the parents saw books to read but he / she will feel air . he / she / it shot up .
of one group who went to new york ?
in the meeting of in the area , when they all up in the back ; the lights in the back , our leader , would be tougher .
when it snows , football has a strong day in the doors .
the baby is not broken , it 's not thinking , or know , the game is broken .
the parents were across my hand and bent it ...
in the first of all of the semester , in the back of the fall and a baby .
the deaf man wondered whether deaf people can not use a deaf brother .
the deaf man wondered whether people can not hear that people is deaf .
i decided to get advantage of it . when the three pigs were not more or decided to do .
in the meeting , it will be tossed out hot .
no , school is not warm outside . in the crib . it wo n't race though , it 's cute .
we have to be patient because we 'll have to figure it to work .
we were okay of it because we got up at seven o'clock .
in the la , right in the community , would you tell that to do , he wo n't eat the bagel .
the deaf man deaf people whether deaf people can not hear him in the back .
the parents is broken . are you using the wrong key .
