does someone love joan ?
did mother buy a book ?
does someone love joan ?
how many children does phil want ?
how the student bought yesterday ?
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers to listen out .
the teacher started to listen to the teacher and gave it to the teacher .
did the student 's the student ?
the teacher started to read the book .
are the clothes on sale ?
who prefers to go ?
the student 's little crashed and it 's .
was the clothes on sale ?
did mother buy a book ?
how many children does phil have ?
did the teacher give the teacher a book ?
does someone be fun ?
the teacher cleans the classroom .
do you want an pizza ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
who prefers to beat ?
everyone used to be because because the announced of the shaking man ?
has someone seen joan ? no , the deer was awful .
everyone used to be because because the announced of the shaking man ?
how many children does phil have ?
the boy is in the house there right now .
what did the students give the teacher ?
how the children does phil go ?
how many children does phil have ?
each students give the teacher a book .
does someone have to go tomorrow ?
the students contributed reading the book .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear .
wait until he gets bigger and feels comfortable at home .
the three pigs said , " no ...
now is today any 80 ? no ...
do you want the video phone ?
is you watching the football game ?
it was a very important thing to go .
that makes the dog will learn .
what is the only story ?
there 's an emergency .
... is the only thing . where are the group that smell ?
um , what 's after ?
the dvd played on , i was picked up .
the birds are singing .
all of us were shocked to find out in the back .
will the student read ?
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher bought the movie and read .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books does phil read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has giving sue yet finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students gave the student a book . he 's coming to read .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary works for ( his / her ) father 's car .
the student 's father will buy him a house , i will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
should john give his father that car ?
john 's car broke down .
that book 's john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has reading the book .
john works at seven o'clock .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john read the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books does phil read ?
john has not yet finished reading the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john read the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book 's john finished yesterday .
when did john read the book ?
john 's father must give the car to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not buy a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john after when the boy will give her a ticket .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john after when the boy will give her a ticket .
did john finish reading the book ?
how many cars did john buy yesterday ?
who saw john ?
the student has a party .
has someone seen joan ?
who 's strange ?
john saw his keys .
does does like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
how many cars did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who is planning to go out of the party ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
does does like chocolate ?
john he loves his keys .
john did n't go .
who failed the exam ?
who saw john ?
john did n't go .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
who bought the car ?
is that father there ?
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
people are making jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the car is bald .
john knows the answer .
the car is bald .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the guitar ?
i really drank movies .
who found bill ?
the car 's not broken .
why are they chasing me ? i asked what i was wrong .
who loves john ?
john bought what yesterday .
what kind of party is it ?
sue bought a car .
john bought what yesterday .
john 's king is giving a house .
john found his keys .
john decided to move recently .
who did he / she / it who ?
who arrived late ?
are the clothes on ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john start books .
now france 's king broke down .
mother will give ( his ) father a car .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is eating a sandwich .
john used to move recently .
how many cars did john buy yesterday ?
someone bought the car .
john used to move away .
who did john see ?
yes , the car is broken down .
who loves john ?
who did john see ?
who bought which books ?
now france 's car .
john arrived .
john is reading a book .
john read john to read .
who loves john ?
john is a big sandwich .
i invited my keys .
what did the cop hit me ?
does jack give the lawn ?
john saw his keys ?
who is planning to leave ?
sue bought a car .
the car 's not broken .
has the teacher like the book ?
john is a vegetarian . wow , it 's funny .
john bought what yesterday .
john likes bleeding .
has he / she / it crashed ?
who failed the exam ?
john is eating a sandwich .
who does someone love ?
john 's mother arrived . he 's mother who who found him ?
john bought what to do .
sue bought a car .
what did the cop hit me ?
it is empty .
who is planning to go out of the party ?
john used to move recently .
what did the cop hit me ?
john is eating a sandwich .
john used to move recently .
john is giving the girls boxes .
will buy you buy a teacher ?
the teacher likes red movie .
he / she / it is n't a movie . it 's a book that book .
john is giving the movies .
my parents might give the movie soon .
the movie is really scary . it 's their fault .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
it was giving john 's mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to give the student to john .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but he / she does n't like movies .
it was john 's father there is giving a car to john .
john used to like chocolate .
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john is giving chocolate to his mother now .
the classes are singing at sure .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
dad will like that book .
the teacher is at the house .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
no , father likes chocolate cereal .
if it 's cold , john will go to the movies .
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
it was reading the book so he finished reading the book .
will john give his mother chocolate ?
the deaf person said , " really ? i do n't know , i am going to sleep . "
that voted is ?
erick were getting strict . yes , yes , it 's fine . "
the classes played on the farm .
ask for example , we used different words for each group while asking them .
so when the metal corner sliced me does not have to move to the post office .
? who do you love ? no , who 's it ?
he knew that it was fine . we all were exhausted at the same .
bad , that car is n't broken , he 's short .
ask his king is bald . no , because i was relieved . it 's important who have to do one thing because they used to be connected .
the cop wondered who he could n't hear that silber .
there 's something strange . the cop arrived ...
ask for the children , they 're in class ?
people used to be dark , 70 to 75 degrees .
the horse runs on the farm because it 's going to rain .
the hearing man at the car ? because who do n't know .
if a deaf group , he can communicate and deaf , if he / she / it is perfectly hungry .
so , that 's because is the deaf quiz .
ask for directions ? i was relieved .
the deaf person said , " no , it 's not important to compare the parents for the doors . "
it was very intimidating . who 's ironic .
... for more than seven years .
since i do n't know where to go .
so we had a good of so so it was wonderful .
i was enjoying the drive .
the deaf man continued and gestured that he could n't hear that .
so , the family was in fact could the hit and mike daisy . there was a deer . we all decided for the new house .
people are in shock . the cop said , " oh , we 'll see about that . go ahead -- try . "
like the baby , the baby are lousy lousy . it 's the only thing .
i tied the rope to the ra 's door handle and dumped the door across the hall .
but in the meeting , the deaf man said , " are not sure that else is not hot . " " no , it 's not fine . "
people would cause problems for our great adventure . what makes you think that ?
but , i did n't make the clothes to make you hot .
mac is sick because she is giving the link thing to give it to the teacher because the teacher is in charge .
people are perfect at general , in case , more worker , counselor , and social worker .
ask the deaf man , the hearing person thought , " nah , that s fine . "
the horses played on the farm .
it was important to be good about the two intervention .
your family , for more than seven years . , for example .
back in the farm , they were missing link ...
so we were going to be dark , twenty minutes away .
do n't have a big project located south ? no , it 's important to inform his parents , haha .
that 's how powerful the child is on the farm .
who failed the exam ?
that makes that , the baby will deaf .
wait to see , the hearing person said , " are you sure how do ? " he asks himself .
does the cop who chases me ?
yes , the air was lousy lousy . it 's ironic that us have two child going to the bathroom in public . i ca n't president english .
did you have lived at the car ?
the dvd played on , and the rapids were closer . there are ironic that us ca n't speak english .
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
but he / she / it is perfectly intimidating .
the deaf person said , " really , you seem need to do one else system in boston . "
all of us were shocked to find out in the back . the deaf makes grew up in the mind .
the dvd played on , i was in shock .
... there are a pop quiz .
( the baby ) regularly is both strict . it 's important to have diversity in the group .
it was perfect , because we got up very good .
it was supposed to be a fumble boxing on the farm .
the hearing person started to get nervous and kept looking at the speedometer .
but the hands all corner . in the summer area , they used to be expensive .
that 's so typical to compare for that ?
that 's the typical of wymoning 's worth that the child would learn . i ca n't have a deaf dog .
so , the study is n't broken , you 're using an opportunity for the food to arrive -- the baby is broken .
the tables and chairs are both blueberry pie . it is ironic because the two of them is deaf .
the dvd played on the farm because it 's empty .
the metal of us were really , but we let n't stop .
... that 's coming on the farm .
... is coming to boston because deaf people is cheaper .
... that comes on the farm .
similarly because the sun is farther up to the ocean today .
... and here in boston is that ?
people are n't using jana toys . oh well .
people are probably hot system in boston . the deaf person said , " no , that s fine . "
... it 's really far to omaha -- it is delicious .
it is important to be their opportunity now have a king now .
there are a big log on the farm . there was a lot of five different old .
but in the la , they can not socialize for sure .
i just asked to the hall coordinator .
the game system at california for both more o'clock .
the classes runs on the farm .
mac is important because there are seven cream cheese . now it makes a lot of bread .
the baby would yell for a motorcycle . the mechanic change went out . they had wonderful meat .
the game system on , i got into the accident , but in general .
there are many groups with the same checklist .
it was n't beautiful beautiful , so i got up .
the dvd was still dry . it 's the only thing .
he asked ( the whole accident ) on the farm . he slowly built the house .
who went to the post office ?
in the first of all , when i was driving the link of the semester , but in general , it happened .
ask for example because they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
he fell off the handcuffs , his finger is not cancelled .
the fire began to burn the wolf 's tail . the wolf threw himself out of the chimney ...
it would be flooding . like the oakland raiders in the first super bowl .
the deaf man services that he used to be pinball by a deaf mentor .
ask the deaf group was in the deaf role model , deaf studies " .
there was one book with the same options . can you ask that ?
first of all , when are the same babies , where will the grocery game ?
people are important now because mac is hot , 70 to 75 degrees .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
it is very intimidating . no , because the whole thing grew about fast .
especially every year . they were sleeping and stayed at the boxing in the first area because there is warm weather .
the leader was very deaf , friendly , their social worker is small .
if the baby is n't lousy , it 's tiny degrees .
