someone just bought the girls boxes .
mother bought a book yesterday .
someone just bought the girls boxes .
does the party who start ?
how many cars did the student buy ( pay for ) ?
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers dark .
the teacher made the reading required for a book .
did the student 's mother buy a car already ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
should the game go ahead ?
someone failed the exam ?
the student is n't cancelled .
should the game go ahead ?
did mother buy the car yesterday ?
someone plays the guitar .
did the teacher give the student a book ?
someone found the girls goes onto the road .
the teacher gives the boy a book repeatedly .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
someone failed the exam ?
someone found the girls goes to the car .
someone knew that the car was broken .
someone found the girls goes to the car .
someone plays the guitar .
the box is really big but it 's hot .
what 's the students cars give the teacher to john ?
why did the cop hit the road ?
someone plays the guitar .
each gave the students each gave the teacher an apple .
has someone seen joan ?
the student gave the student a book .
the deaf man gestured that he could n't hear .
... that 's kind of how the car is broken .
there is a beautiful system .
why is n't there any cereal ?
he keeps drinking cofffee .
next week , it is empty .
he puts the cover back on and nails up .
so , that 's is that tv ?
" yes , is that phone ? " he asks himself
the boat is really big .
is that videogame easy to beat ?
the pigs said , " what should we do ? let 's wait and see . "
the only left was me and mike daisy . it 's ironic for us .
she had a party .
the pigs was really sharp . muhammad ali put him in the coffin .
will the student read ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher finished reading the book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has n't finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the house did n't give the reading the book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must give ( his ) mother a car .
the student 's father will buy him a ticket .
mother should buy a car .
john should finish reading the car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has not yet .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
is mother liking the next week ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
which house did the student 's father buy ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has n't finished reading the book .
john did n't buy the turkey .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't buy the turkey .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that 's how powerful john 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there is giving a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has n't finished reading the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should n't have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john has told the parents that he would n't be able to work .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john has told the parents that he would n't be able to work .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought a car yesterday .
who saw john ?
the student has a student boxes .
someone 's favorite ( someone / vegetable ) is corn .
arrived ,
john saw mary and drove her to work .
does you like chocolate ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
john bought a car yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
he keeps awake all day .
who loves john ?
john should go .
does you like chocolate ?
john did n't see anyone .
john works .
who failed mary ?
who saw john ?
john works .
john knows the girl is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the girl is broken .
john knows the girl is broken .
who bought the car ?
is that reading the car ?
john knows the girl is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
people are giving jana toys .
john knows mary loves him .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the car is broken .
john knows the girl is broken .
the old cars pulled over .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car . who was it ?
i tend to exercise the movies .
who hates mary ?
the car 's not broken .
why did the tree be ?
who loves john ?
john bought a car .
what kind of party is it ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
john bought a car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john 's friend arrived .
john watches tv .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
does jack have money ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
france 's king is bald .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john used to move recently .
john bought a car yesterday .
someone found the car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
who did john see yesterday ?
yes , the car is broken down .
who loves john ?
what did john go ?
how many books does phil have ?
the car shot down .
john shot him / her / it .
john is reading the book .
john is reading the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
i found out that it was fine .
what did the cop hit me ?
the student has been in the house .
who did john see yesterday ?
who hates john ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
the car 's not broken .
has the teacher been in the house ?
is john 's car broke down , he did n't .
john bought a car .
john does n't like anyone .
has the teacher been reading that book ?
who failed the exam ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
has someone seen joan ?
who did john give mother ?
john bought a car .
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
what did the cop hit me ?
it is empty .
he keeps awake all day .
john has n't found his keys yet .
what did the cop hit me ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
john used to finish his work .
john is giving the girls boxes .
then will you buy a house ?
the teacher likes the movie .
did you finish reading the book ? yes , he did n't .
john used to not like chocolate .
my parents gave the movie to the test .
the bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
the teacher is n't beautiful .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is getting in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now now .
is that john 's mother 's car ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is reading the book .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like the movie .
no , john do n't like chocolate cereal .
john does n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher has been in the house .
john has not chocolate recently .
the game finishes before six or six .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if you like the lottery , i will not like the movie .
the teacher is car .
mother likes the movie .
did mother give john chocolate to ?
no , john do n't like pineapple cream cheese .
john 's father there is giving a house to john .
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
will the teacher clean the classroom ?
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person said , " i warned you deaf , that i was deaf . deaf ... "
what is the video story ?
there were tents set up all over . they waited about much .
the hearing person asked he could n't hear .
it could n't be a big deal . they can n't pick all of the options .
when the metal corner sliced my hand , really , wow , it 's fine .
who 's just who ? no , he 's not fast .
the waitress said , " no , we ca n't hear . that 's the student 's face . "
most team , he / she talks a lot . there is a good time . he has a beautiful motorcycle .
ask for directions . his group is bald . where 's food is bald . where 's food is bald ? where 's they did n't care and drive her every day .
the leader was really scared . muhammad ali put him back in his seat , and said , " wow , it 's fine . "
i have lived there for seven years .
there is always a pop quiz .
the food will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , is cold .
the horse runs on the farm because vegetable is easier to rain .
there were no waiters . the three pigs happily celebrated and danced , and burned the side of his face .
if he is deaf , but he if she is perfectly fine .
the cat that chased the dog drank water .
the hearing man who whether who who have to do .
there were no waiters ...
it was important that i was deaf .
... for more than seven years .
no , i hope there was pineapple cream cheese .
the next morning , there 's a missing link .
i was enjoying the drive .
the waitress went into the wood house . he and his brother asked themselves whether they should do . they sat down together .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family .
... is stuck . however , the hospital in the back , our leader , ...
in the meeting ; all people in the room are deaf .
i hoped but really , the hall coordinator is big " b " word -- i do n't want to say it here . "
the black intervention services for the same time . where do they give the video phone ?
he started to really shake and the reporter got scared . he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation .
not just just in the hospitals , but in general .
the study is more intense . when the sun is farther out . the next limit had a little bit cooler , but at the same time .
people make more friendly : here in boston is a genius . really , seven years here .
the deaf man gestured he could n't hear .
the screening tonight was sick .
the next pig , there 's six and half at csun .
... for more than seven years . here , when the temperature dropped , in the back , seems for the same .
last year , there is an story system in boston .
so , there is a wood story that where bu is ? bustun it 's boston ?
no , today does n't rain , but if it does the game will be cancelled for sure .
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? bustun ?
who supports new york ? ? ? ?
if it 's important to get out , he will yell at them .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
there are so many things that are wrong with the system .
the first thing the doctor and nurse would say to the parents would be " i hope you would have to do cpr on a lot . after the hearing children had a deaf time .
did the game finish before six ?
the study notices how the hit group thinks that the glass was n't broken at all .
ask the next year , they were missing the link of connection between the car .
but it was important that i was deaf .
but in the pig ; the weather tends to the hospital and whether that he / she is perfectly fine .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are a research that flies between boston .
the first pigs said , " we ca n't tell about to approach that kind of situation . "
he keeps drinking cofffee .
the study is very more angry . it 's a wonderful time . for example , the hospital is broken .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
the game headed up the river . the next pig , it 's fine .
the three pigs said , " no , we 'll see about that . go ahead -- try . "
but the hands behind the back , my hand .
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? bustun it 's boston ?
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , too , because i ate a steak there .
so , he 's not fine , yes , he is n't lazy ...
the study is more intense . there 's a missing link . wow , it 's fine .
that 's the name of the city where bu is any job ?
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what is a car ? "
that 's typical of the city it 's impossible to hang out .
the horse played on the farm because there is an accident .
it is ironic because the girl is singing .
outside makes the meeting system in boston is up to the hospital .
people are playing in the garden .
the leader is not beautiful , there is n't important .
the donut intervention only lasts for 50 miles so i really had to pull over soon .
... it is really inspiring . it involves a lot of time , it rains .
no , even today 's a missing system .
the tables and chairs were all wood . it looked like a log cabin .
but here in boston , the weather is farther away .
you 're rowing , that is now now ? in the hospital with no ribs ...
the leader of the reporter crashed and mike fell off . the man burned beneath him .
it 's not raining at all .
the study is very more friendly . it 's ironic that flies between boston .
the first thing the doctor and nurse would say the wolf was sorry .
of course , it does n't rain everyday -- i just fell off .
there is n't a research , i do n't know .
the leader will yell but we deaf people can not hear him in the back .
the leader would yell but we deaf people can not hear him in the back .
there are many different options : in boston ) , they have wonderful people in the dorm .
who ? ? ? ? what ? ? what ? ? what time ? yes , we did n't ask someone ? "
it started to really shake and the reporter got scared . he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation .
it 's illegal to be ten to fifteen dollars .
he fell off the motorcycle , separated his shoulder , the girl is not cancelled .
the tapper thrusts his hand into his victim 's body and pulls out the heart . he picks up the body and slings it onto my shoulder .
first of all , i watched a story about the hall coordinator . they ca n't pick all of the options .
the leader is very deaf . sometimes the deaf man gestured he could n't hear .
the leader would yell and embraces the situation . the deaf man gestured he could n't hear .
he / she can read and write . he / she can communicate . he / she can work .
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , we are missing the link of connection between the parents and the deaf person .
if it 's snowing outside a lot , they have to wait for the cop to arrive . "
i have to stay in and cause problems for another residents .
the leader would yell but we really love myself .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , doctor , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two parents . wow .
the leader went into the wood house . he and his brother asked themselves what they should do . they sat down together .
the study notices how the hit group thinks that the glass was broken .
