has the man traveled before ?
did mother buy a book ?
has the man traveled before ?
what does the party start ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does phil give ?
the teacher made the reading required to do .
did the student 's father buy a car ?
the students going to the teacher a box .
did you see something ?
what kind of party did it ?
the students do n't like to read .
did you see something ?
did mother buy a car ?
how many kids does phil have ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
the deer was in shock and more .
the teacher cleans the classroom .
why do you want to go out and clean up ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
who prefers dark video games ?
the cop was just scared and plain .
the deer was in shock and scared .
the cop was just scared and plain .
how many kids does phil have ?
all the students each give the teacher an apple .
the box is awful . what 's the students one book ?
the cop walked over to the road .
how many kids does phil have ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
has someone seen joan ?
the students exchanged reading the book .
the deaf man gestured that he could n't hear .
... it would be a motorcycle , it 's tiny .
you have a good now .
the cop said , " are you sure ? where 's it ? "
do you want the video phone ?
it is empty .
it was the same as as lightning strikes .
because that 's done , he will yell at them .
what is the video phone ?
the box is really big .
... is near the whole thing .
the deer started to speed up to 90 . the hearing person looked at the meter and thought " wow ! " .
the only change was a big bruise near the road .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
all of us were shocked really , muhammad ali put it together .
will the student tonight ?
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher made the movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has told the sue about the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student 's gave the student a book .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give his father that car ?
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't break the window , mary did .
which house did the student 's father buy ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has not yet finished reading the book .
john did n't buy the turkey .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't buy the turkey .
why should mother buy a car ?
if it 's raining the lot , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy mary , and mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john has told the situation , we would have seen it 's more .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john has told the situation , we would have seen it 's more .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought yesterday .
who did john see mary ?
the student has a party .
has someone seen joan ?
the birds arrived .
he saw john in the future .
likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
john bought yesterday and gave him to john .
what did john buy yesterday ?
they have lived in a dorm ...
who loves john ?
john should go .
likes chocolate ?
he decided to do it 's more .
john should go .
who failed mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john should go .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
whose car is that ?
is the mother already ?
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
i had lived in a dorm ...
john did n't buy mary .
who 's the car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car and car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the city is broken .
john knows the answer .
the city is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
i fell a big sandwich .
who found mary ?
the truck is broken .
what kind of party is it ?
who loves john ?
john bought a car and gave it to john .
what kind of party did it ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
john bought a car and gave it to john .
john 's his car in the future .
john 's friend arrived .
john used to move away .
who did john see ?
who arrived late ?
i arrived at school .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
john loves mary .
john used to read a book .
the cop just right right .
the car is broken .
he likes mary .
john used to play football .
john used to move away .
john bought yesterday .
who does phil have ?
john just found his keys .
who did john see ?
yes , the car is broken down .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
how many books does phil have ?
the old man car .
john shot him / her / it .
john is reading a book .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl a box .
i found my keys .
what did the deer drive ?
the library has a full tank of mine .
he saw john and gave him to john .
he hates john to read .
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
the truck is broken .
has the books raining ?
john is reading the girl a box .
john bought a car and gave it to john .
what kind of john is it ?
has the teacher one book ?
who failed the guitar ?
john used to play football .
has someone seen joan ?
did john give mother to his mother ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
what did the deer drive ?
it is empty .
they have lived in a dorm ...
john just found his keys .
what did the deer drive ?
john used to play football .
john used to take a football sandwich .
john used to play football .
then i will buy you to buy a book .
the teacher likes to read but he / she does n't like movies .
he / she is reading a book and it was funny .
john is waiting there right now .
my parents went into a restaurant because there was a good book .
the early intervention group and ended into class .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in shock of the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and books .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
is john 's mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother suspected that john loves .
john likes cars and gave him to read .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate cereal .
no , john do n't like pineapple cream cheese .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher has been in the house .
john is not chocolate . why 's mom chocolate .
the flat tonight was six and a half years .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if he / she / it like pineapple cream cheese ?
the teacher is in charge .
mother likes movies .
did mother give john to his father ?
no , john likes chocolate cereal .
if john reads the weather , john will have taken off .
mother likes surprises .
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
the deaf person gestured he could n't hear that i was deaf .
what is the story of the city ?
it 's the only thing . it involves the age thing .
the cop played at my friend and said , " fine .
... it could be , i had to drive the deer to arrive all day .
so they will bring in the deaf mentor , everyone will spray silly string at him .
it was be fun . it 's the same idea .
he laughed and the reporter got scared . they ca n't care about .
it was from philadelphia . now , because one thing he has parkinson 's disease ...
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
the cop walked over to the hospital . the ra 's not friendly . the deaf person was surprised .
there 's something strange about myself .
there are so many things that are wrong with the system .
the next day , there is the only thing to do more than one .
... for the oakland accident . the hall coordinator is broken .
... and the guy 's arrive . his tail hung down ...
if it 's deaf , if he / she can deaf , if he / she is perfectly fine .
so , that 's six , when he stays deaf , that 's it ?
the hearing person was surprised . he had been confident that who wants to be hearing .
it seems that the parents are cut to the hall coordinator . " " no , it 's not going to rain . "
it was very intimidating ; it was fifteen minutes away from our camp ground .
... for more than seven years .
no , i do n't know if he / she is guilty .
i wish there was pineapple cream cheese .
i was enjoying the drive .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear that sometimes .
so , the family in fact move here , and moved south to new york .
while they had dinner , the sports reporter collected more information about muhammad ail .
... i mean , the sports reporter collected more information about muhammad ail .
i picked my foot into the side of the hall area . i rang the ra 's doorbell across the hall , and they pulled back and forth .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
it seems that the parents would learn and embraces the reservation .
i wo n't believe it 's not raining , i do n't care .
it makes sense because the boy got scared . it 's the students to arrive at the parents because it 's our only choice .
people were tents , twenty sure you have paper and pen ready . there are seven specialists for dinner .
the deaf man indicated he could n't hear .
the hearing person continued driving and started to speed at the road .
so , there 's a missing quiz about the city where bu is ?
ask for directions . where do you grow someone , we were missing the link of connection years .
there are a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
... that 's something , what is the only legal sport where you can hit the can .
the food is n't important . are you using the wrong key ? it 's not bad .
that 's his favorite who found out that he could n't be able to move away .
who supports new york ?
if you win the lottery , we are going to jamaica .
the three of us went ahead and moved south to south . for example , he ran in the mr .
why would the cop arrest me ?
the study suddenly , i mean , i have been moving away again , or when i was around watching seven years , but we had no choice .
did you have already money ?
the study notices how the hit group thinks that the glass was n't broken at all .
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
but it was important that i was deaf .
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , they are missing the link of connection between the parents and the deaf person .
there were a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
... that i had been moving away , twenty minutes away .
what 's the name of the city where bu is ?
the baby is just dry . it 's the only thing to intervene in the deaf community .
most of situation , i can compare the two environments .
it is ironic because we both had to wait for the cop to arrive .
the three pigs went out looking for a location .
but it was important that i needed to be expensive .
he started to get dark , so i got on the headlights .
it 's the same thing with siberian tigers -- their stripes vary . it 's the same thing here in boston .
... that 's how kind of situation in la , they have wonderful and pen ...
because i had dinner , the sports bike collected more information about me .
it is n't important to escape the name , the hall coordinator .
there were tents set up all over . they had wonderful weather here .
... over there ? no , because it 's important to move out .
it is ironic because there is a good city .
... there is a wood wood story .
outside because it 's cold and dry , the seasons flash right across the country .
in the past , when i was four or five years old ...
there are not homework , it 's not small .
it seems that the parents are cut to the early intervention professionals . without a deaf role model , we are missing the link of connection between the parents .
it is really inspiring . it involves many things : it is the same thing .
wait until they have dinner all night .
there are many various things . where are the only one thing .
but in the la area , they did n't see that way .
in la , the weather tends to be " flat"--75 or 80 degrees , i have no errands to do homework .
what 's the name of the city where bu is ready ?
it 's illegal to not have a tax .
the parents of the early intervention . it 's the only thing to intervene in the deaf community .
the baby will learn and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role .
... or , i do n't know , really many other things . it 's the same game .
... i do n't have any money , i do n't care .
last year , i completed all of my homework ahead of time .
the next pig , well , he gets excused outside .
there were no cops about the parents would learn and embraces the situation .
it ? love , because it 's important to be sick . because we ate quickly ,
it happened that the parents were six all day . it was the same idea here in boston it 's lucky .
it was fun all day and we had a good time .
the box is really big , it 's not funny .
it was the same as any regular life -- later they would work at the post office , or , i do n't know .
first of all , i can compare the two options . the parents were very first and thirteen .
the deaf man gestured he could n't hear .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear .
he can read the wolf 's tail . the wolf 's coming to the door vibrating .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
it 's something going to boston for the hospital because it 's hot and dry , every day .
i hope there was pineapple cream cheese .
... i have to admit that mexican food in la is better .
it seems to be flooding . here , the parents were doing lousy job with it .
the leader of the man began into a deaf mentor . without a deaf role model , they were missing the link of connection between the parents .
the baby is not more angry . it 's the only thing .
