someone was in the car .
yesterday bought a book and did it buy ?
someone was in the car .
someone came into the boat .
yesterday bought a car yesterday and bought it to the student .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
my teacher gave the reading back into the student .
yesterday did the student buy a car ?
after he gives the student , the teacher gave the student a book .
has you seen something ?
someone was surprised . , it 's ironic .
the students today is lousy .
has you seen something ?
did the book buy yesterday ?
someone was surprised .
yes , the teacher gave a book and gave it to the student .
what did someone go to the car in california .
the teacher gave at the teacher .
no , i want go to california .
yesterday bought a house . yes , the teacher did a house .
someone 's friend arrived .
what did someone keep a car in california .
someone got in the car .
what did someone keep a car in california .
someone was surprised .
yes , the students have been a teacher .
what did the student finish reading the teacher ?
my car was in california .
someone was surprised .
yes , the students have been a teacher .
did someone love himself .
the student is giving his book .
does the deaf man have different money ...
... i could be a decision , that kind of situation .
people people people people people .
is that in the group ?
do you host them ?
it started a lot of effort .
who was going to gain up ?
that kind of ... he will have been lazy !
one hotel who was dumbfounded ...
that 's how i was waiting ...
... and then as a intervention .
there is one of my favorite .
... i was a bit shaken , and it was full .
i looked at him .
... there 's no waiters ...
will the book give to give the student ?
the teacher is in the movie .
when he / she / it does n't want a movie , the book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must mow john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out that i did have finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gives the teacher that book .
why did father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john asked the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary has to realize a car for car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should mow a car . he 's father .
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading the yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give a car for ) .
has john finished reading the book ?
john must do more information . it 's a book to read a book .
many books will buy many books john will buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father that 's father had to give a car .
which did the student buy a father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after i class now , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john has finished reading the book .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires required , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father that father had to give a car .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has reading the book .
have you to father give a car , john has to father ...
mother should not have bought that car .
mother did not buy a house .
john found out that i got to read the book , i need to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john found out that i got to read the book , i need to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did john see ?
the students has a education left .
the students has a education .
the pig arrived .
as for john , he ran up .
who does he / she like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who mary was watching yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to coffee .
who does he / she like chocolate ?
as for john , he / she was guilty around .
john will go .
who told me ?
who did john see ?
john will go .
john knows that man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows that man .
john knows that man .
who 's car 's car ?
is that 's father 's car ?
john knows that man .
as for john , mary loves him .
" the deer will prefer at california .
as for john , mary loves him .
that is that ?
that ( right over there ) is that car .
that ( john 's father is a car 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
his new car is a new car .
john knows that man .
his other car 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car stolen .
i found a bunch right book .
who told her mary ?
the new car broke down .
even for the car , they have arrived here .
who loves who john loves ?
what did john buy yesterday a book ?
what did someone arrive at a while ?
sue bought a car and asked it ...
what did john buy yesterday a book ?
john gave his favorite yesterday .
as for john 's mother , he arrived .
john blames the boy .
who did he / she see ?
who arrived ?
have the for seven .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john watches a book .
the new car broke down .
car is going to buy a car .
as for john , he likes mary .
how many books did john buy something ?
john 's favorite the wolf 's hitchhiking .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone was going something .
john is giving a big man .
who did john see ?
is that car at 2 ?
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who is it that 's book ?
the bride 's car broke down .
john is arriving the arriving .
john is giving a book of the man .
john was reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving a new , the man .
i found something the book .
what did he / she / it love off ?
one student something for me .
as for john , they did mary see him an apple .
who has bill to leave bill ?
sue bought a car .
the new car broke down .
... there has a book .
john is giving a new dog . he a new dog .
what did john buy yesterday a book ?
what does he / she like ?
... there has a book .
who snows , who is hungry ?
how many books did john buy something ?
did someone arrive here in here ?
as for john 's mother , who 's mother arrived ?
what did john buy ?
sue bought a car .
what did he / she / it love off ?
the name 's name .
who mary was watching yesterday ?
john 's favorite .
what did he / she / it love off ?
how many books did john buy something ?
john 's name .
john is in la a book .
then , i would buy another book .
the teacher wants something to read a lot .
he / she does n't finish reading a book to give the book .
john is a lound now to read a book .
my parents had been a interpreter but he / she gave to the garage .
he loves reading about the car to read .
the teacher is at sure .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher in that house in la .
how many cars did the teacher buy ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now reading a book .
john is chocolate because john / john is chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is mother chocolate yesterday ?
john likes cars a book .
john will s .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like chocolate .
back , john likes his father 's buying a house .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes to read but likes the movie .
when the teacher has ended a house in there .
john is just using chocolate .
when all done reading the magazine magazine will read the book ?
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book will he / she .
the teacher in that car .
mother likes movies .
did mother finish at john chocolate ?
father likes john 's house but i do n't have a video car .
how many books has the father 's far at john ?
mother likes that book .
john will include chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read the book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
he looked at my friend and i 'm talking that it was too hot .
yes , that time is lousy .
i were it behind the way of the costs that the two of six .
he looked at my friend and said he / she was guilty .
i decided to realize that she 's college .
so , when approach , we are near the link of the deaf mentor to do . the deaf person decided to do it for happening . "
who did n't know , but he started there with this .
i started talking that i had to get out that i had been going to ...
as for the event of the city , who was talking that he / who was going around that .
his parents are working by her job . can you join ? that 's all the parents as being involved in the mr job .
who was trying away , but i do n't know , but that s is even fine .
we have a real idea of the cop .
why do n't even be a big person .
he / she came in california .
that family shows that i had to give to the wide man that happened between the deaf community .
he and it was that ? that who was deaf .
if that was the deaf person , he / she is not fine .
" that someone who broke to the deaf person .
who who started talking to ... the baby is really supposed to ... ...
time , driving , i was not lazy ... it 's not boring .
as he 's favorite his favorite , who who ran up .
the cop ...
how i was confident i would n't know , i do n't know .
so far , i was confused .
i thought wow .
in the two weather , they have a deaf person .
so , the study said , " oh . no , he started to give a lot of effort .
... he saw the waitress , but i 'm not hearing but they would give to the hospital .
what did they read in the cruiser , so i ...
the doctors must be a lot of his work .
there was many students that i did n't average it as for the same .
third , of course , i was trying to say a good person .
but it is not a only system , but i 'm sure the system .
i noticed my movie when he arrived . if they change , they have to give a cigarette , and two people must to send the test .
in the study , who have pulled a phone , a big mentor of the city who had transferred in the phone at another own .
the deaf person was beating away .
except when the deaf person ) he , he is hitchhiking .
so , the college of here who was afraid how they did n't know .
we went in ; some went in the world , and there was a genius .
people have a alarm in that book , it has parkinson wonder the deaf person to meet deaf .
so , of course , right ...
" they belong and i did n't have a movie in the chimney .
in la , it happened that we had been a decision .
who prefers to ?
as he 's in the future , that person is wrong .
my hand decided to see a place .
who is that ? oh well .
he was looking good to work because i would have a good . we both had to take up to the bathroom and started talking .
we have finished up a big system .
he would say me to the tight game . he ran downstairs with him .
i ca n't even believe it was that .
but the baby came , and he came right over that .
there was a big time that people have parkinson with the parents and their anniversary .
as he drove up a book , he would have cracked in the mr .
i went to bed , " i said , " i am just met what to do . "
in the event of course , they seem have a big .
so you know , it would be a use that i use a cigarette .
... at the hit idea . he 's doorbell .
we got on a friend .
what did they saw me through ?
but it could more be more important in different .
that 's how how they have that they left . what ...
he idea to really , or i waved in the mr . the three person found that i had a education in the family .
but the students gave a education , you 're different -- they have parkinson set for the same .
he looked talking that i had been shocked that it 's important .
then talking out that we started to get a sign .
two different different words are they different . they both had to take a big station by the deaf community .
that 's eleven experiences .
... no , as lightning is that s .
while i was worried -- i was dumbfounded ...
most of the two accident in moving its probably to sf and sf is coming a cigarette .
... at california .
people are not just talking different to have the only language .
when it 's like one number of situation , one number for dinner .
wow , it 's a lot of involved out in that .
now the i just had a decision about different wards .
... so far , they used different . the three group happily became under the same .
but for john . no , as for my fruits , and two guy ...
he was trying to beat them ; i went major . what kind of how new culture has a negative .
and more on more group how they were people in the world .
... there is not boring .
one just who had been involved with their pocket .
... some group , " i 'll have a bucket , but all one knew .
... and it was more flavorful , but i went to colorado .
i would n't know it while i did n't know , it hit someone .
when it was terribly hot , then i do n't care .
he looked and made more day .
he made the men made to the parents made a book of the chimney .
who made the situation to make to the hospital and the leaves got a eye .
when the two group in the group , there would be a decision .
... or something was someone that we thought it was someone that tv .
he happens to get people of himself .
i swerved -- the language was already tempted to see the language , angled perpendicular .
wow , he / she leaves daisy about him .
the cop said , " i can have seen more expensive , but not ...
deaf .
she can make something to go different , then i 'll have different cream .
well , the study must learn , either to feed professionals . " i said , " that 's important to cover in the competition . "
there would be a big study of the study -- in the deaf . so , we both had to study in the back of the deaf studies .
we would ask two different words " from the intervention .
... not the man , and just really came . it 's really hot .
the study because i was in the distance area .
people lived people people people are in a deaf sewer , it has a big sewer . if it has a big sewer , it 's hot .
the wolf started to get a cigarette . the tappee person said , " how the language said , " how the language said .
