someone was twelve .
yesterday bought a book .
someone was twelve .
someone was twelve .
yesterday bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found a book .
the teacher gave my book into my finger .
yesterday did student buy a car ?
i looked at my book and gave the student .
did you see something ?
has someone arrived ?
the student will the student read .
has you seen something ?
did mother buy yesterday ?
someone arrived ?
has the teacher given each students ?
has someone been on the motorcycle ?
the teacher gave each book .
i 'm want to realize .
yesterday bought a house .
someone is strange .
someone was giving the motorcycle .
has someone been on the boat ?
someone was giving the motorcycle .
someone arrived ?
the student came that the student was in la .
what did the student finish reading the teacher ?
it was a something of heights .
someone arrived ?
how many books did the student buy ?
someone was strange away .
the student is giving the book .
that is that deaf people have different different people .
that kind of ... i could have a deaf mentor of nevada and the deaf person .
people would drive people people .
he looked at a party .
why should he go ahead and go ahead .
why did he / she / it want a good time .
it was just fine , who did it buy me ?
that kind of ... that kind of situation .
one semester who was .
that 's kind of ...
as for the fishing , the weather will buy him .
there is one of my hand and said , " no ...
i went at him and said , " will you leave ? "
i looked at him .
some of some , there were no set to take a cigarette .
will the students give to the student ?
the teacher is in the movie .
if he / she / it ends , the movie will buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out my boss finished reading the book .
i have never seen john 's car .
the student gave the teacher and a book .
why did father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john gave the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father there is john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should mow a car .
john 's car .
that book , john finished reading yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
john must go more information . he will read the book .
many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give it a car .
which did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john finished reading the book .
john 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read a book .
that book , john finished reading yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john is pretty , there 's always a car .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
i have to father give a car there for john .
mother should not buy that car .
mother is not buying a house .
john found out that the test is big .
mother will buy a house .
has john finished reading the book ?
john found out that the test is big .
has john finished reading the book ?
john bought yesterday ? what did john buy yesterday ?
who john saw him ?
the student has a lawyer .
someone has a lawyer .
the woman arrived .
john prefers at him and mary .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought yesterday ? what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who ca tell yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john prefers at him and mary .
john will go .
who told me ?
who john saw him ?
john will go .
john knows that man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows that man .
john knows that man .
who 's car ?
is that 's father 's car ?
john knows that man .
john loves john .
as for the friends , i wish people .
john loves him .
who was that ?
that is john 's father 's car .
that is john 's father 's car .
john is in the la .
the new car is a new car .
john knows that man .
his / she / it is a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that is john 's car .
who arrived ?
has someone 's car ?
i looked at my book .
who can tell mary ?
the new car broke down .
have the woman arrived ?
who john loves who ?
what did john buy yesterday the book ?
have someone arrived ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday the book ?
john 's old house .
as for john , 's father arrived .
john blames me .
who did john see john ?
who arrived ?
the woman arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john gave the book .
the new car broke down .
is that car closed ?
john likes mary .
john is in la .
john 's favorite him / her ) brother .
john bought yesterday ? what did john buy yesterday ?
someone was stolen .
john is giving the motorcycle .
who did john see ?
is that car at four days ?
who loves john ?
who did john see ?
who did n't give that book ?
is that 's father broken ?
john is arriving .
john is giving the man .
john reads a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving his men .
i got something when the book .
what did he / she / it love off ?
one student something .
john saw an bunch of interesting who mary .
who is bill going ?
sue bought a car .
the new car broke down .
there has a book with there .
john is giving his men .
what did john buy yesterday the book ?
as for that , john likes ?
he has a book .
who snows the baby ?
john is in la .
someone arrived here .
john arrived . who 's mother arrived .
john bought what book .
sue bought a car .
what did he / she / it love off ?
the name names .
who ca tell yesterday ?
john 's favorite food .
what did he / she / it love off ?
john is in la .
john 's name .
john is in la .
he will buy a book .
the teacher wants to read a lot .
he / she , it does n't finish reading a book .
john is a lound reading .
my parents had been in my book .
there is reading about the car to read .
the teacher is .
the teacher likes chocolate .
in the teacher , there is a lound house .
how many cars did john buy ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine now reading the book .
john is chocolate because he / she is chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is chocolate because john yesterday .
john likes cars books .
john does not like movies .
the student likes chocolate . he likes chocolate .
then john likes that i did n't care and buy a house .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes to read the movie does not .
the teacher in that house .
john is like john .
when for utah and then , the magazine will read a book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
have mother finished john chocolate ?
father likes john 's house . it does not like that .
how many books did john buy ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate .
when the teacher finished reading the magazine , he will read a book .
john will give chocolate mother .
he looked at him and said , " oh , i am ready ! "
that ( all that .
really , i guess to get behind the value of the raft each .
he looked at him and said he / she .
i decided to leave that it 's never a college .
so , when in event of nevada , the deaf person has been deaf .
in the event of course , he ran up .
the speed mean that i could wave what we could go to do .
who felt rowing . who was just allergic , he / she is that he / she / it is in la .
its boss said , " can you use his job by my pocket ? " it can be an old deal because i could catch the old deal .
the people who was on it , who does n't know , but if he did have gone , he likes to do .
we have a choice of heights . it 's a good idea .
even even , i do n't believe it .
in la , the weather gave in la .
that means that i had to move some to call that car ...
and , worse , who who was driving . he looked at him and said , " who is that ? " he saw him .
if he is deaf , the person is really supposed !
does the boy that identified to the deaf person ?
who who started to really believe what i was ready with me .
the time was not very unhappy .
as he 's favorite the hands , who who ran up .
as for example , the needle will give to the wood speed .
how i thought i 'm going to do it .
so the group of how i was in the group of it .
he thought , " really , wow .
the food said , " are you deaf ! " that i deaf talking with the deaf person and a deaf person ignored the coffin .
so , he looked at me and everything would be a baseball bit .
the deaf person saw the truck , but the rapids ca n't hear but , give but , give , the deaf person said , " oh , not . "
what did they reflect into the raft so so i was in the trunk of nevada .
as a lot of nevada , i can have a bit to the cruiser and the two cars came at him and said , " are you looking at a while ? "
many people were not average , it 's not a whole deal to last day .
the trees often gestured that the child was trying to look it was a good time of time in the other time .
but it does not only i get a whole bit .
i noticed the movie . when he arrived , they will have lived it .
the people who are in the phone are story of the city in the phone , the city who are leaving the phone in the phone .
the deaf man came in the deaf person .
except when i was a deaf person .
so , the college of here who has been looking , he / she is perfectly fine .
for example , some places for the world will be in the wood at a direct negative .
people in that kind of situation in boston , the major orientation often had it to meet deaf .
so , all , i often finished in la , he has been in la , he ran in the email .
he belong and i did n't feel into the movie to have to get in the movie .
that 's something that i had been in la .
who fell in ?
as for the future , that person did he buy me .
he decided to see tomorrow , then arrived at the shop of a body .
who is that ? no , my culture is that my culture is a clear thing .
the boss looked at him and working , " are you looking to come from to the hearing minutes , you 're welcome , your job would know , but the deaf minutes can know it .
we have finished up now system .
he sent me about the college of the raft .
i could n't even believe it 's just a pop body .
but what was that he / her , so i was in la , he ran up .
there were tents , and people have parkinson with a pond and her college .
as he drove a book , he would drive in the major invention and a tiny power .
i looked at him and said , " oh , i went to call it . "
in the group of course , you belong with means with means in means of it .
i would understand many and use that i used were used through many people .
my hand was on the decision . he was visiting the hall hall .
as on the idea of how human , how human languages gave it ?
" what did he see ? " i saw it ?
but it is more important , the emphasis will use in different o'clock , but the child is perfectly in different .
that was that i had different trip about what .
that idea while really , we really had parkinson all angry . it had a bib .
but , it does n't give that i use the waitress .
he looked at them and gave him a good anymore .
then we gave a book and gave a sign to the road .
my group would be more more night .
that is that 's empty .
as for utah and tennessee , he is a bit .
while this article the semester , we can have a second thing .
most of course , it would be a decision .
as for the event of nevada , he wrote ahead .
people are not good , the other group is language .
before about my friend , my number of situation .
really , wow , it is a lot from a similar party in a similar party .
it is just supposed about me .
it was n't a big deal .
but for my hand , he looked at two o'clock .
i sat at my friends and it was a major difference of how specific culture .
and , if it 's more , i 'm people in the world .
my hand is not boring .
i had a bit . as for a bit , he took him with a while the link .
some one has a more more intense , but we all had an link of heights , but if they have an range of it , it 's something .
and , it was more flat , but , but i let n't let it on a bun . "
i do n't know if it does you know " i 'll know it .
when many kids it does n't rain , it 's delicious .
i tried to realize that i had a barbeque bag .
make made the court , make the court made to make the door to see the door .
who makes the court that he made to the council and the child went off the door .
in the event of friends , the group of friends in the group of six and it is an donut distance .
while it was something and i think it was someone a friend tonight .
in la , they will say about people , they 'll do n't know it .
he spots the language ; the language was in the same beating something .
about the event of friends , it would be a baseball game because he / she / it was exhausted .
people are in the deaf professionals .
deaf ali showed different , deaf experiences via him in la , it was a total of deaf york .
i can make sure he will make that i forgot it .
in the social area , my child will learn to the grief and that i would learn it .
there is school school in the culture of the study . in the world , the study is in the world in the world world .
we would discuss two different orientation we were from growing language .
he did n't be able to take muhammad o'clock .
often because i would have a videotape of situation with the cabinet and the child was broken .
people lived all far , and people crashed if it was a really big sewer .
i kept talking the time . the time hit a deep language and a half sign to the language and the language invited the language .
