it was a baseball motorcycle .
yesterday bought the book yesterday .
it was a baseball motorcycle .
it was the boat of heights ?
yesterday did the student buy a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone found a book .
my teacher gave the reading back .
yesterday did the student 's student buy a car ?
what did they give the student the book gave the student ?
i saw something .
it 's something away .
the student is reading the book now .
has you seen something ?
did mother buy yesterday ?
someone strange arrived .
has the teacher given the book ?
i was in the motorcycle .
the teacher gave each book ?
i do n't want to go to the grocery store .
yesterday did the teacher buy a house ?
someone , it 's himself .
i was in the motorcycle .
it has someone on the boat .
i was in the motorcycle .
someone strange arrived .
yes , the students have been a teacher .
what did the student finish reading the teacher ?
... it was a baseball motorcycle .
someone strange arrived .
how many books did the student give that ?
someone was driving here .
the student is giving the book .
that deaf people have a group of different people .
... that kind of ...
people will ask people people people people people people would say people people would say people people would people people would drive and people people would people people .
i do n't know that the child is different .
why should you go ahead and go ahead and tan .
it was a bit .
he gets a bunch of himself who .
that kind of ...
one night , what is that ?
that 's all .
as for the fishing and a half , as in california , it 's flat .
there is one of the only one thing .
i was in the short .
i looked at him .
some of us were really able to be able to take a cigarette .
will the book give to the student ?
the teacher is now there in the movies .
if he / she is a movie , the movie will buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student give many books ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father needs to lay john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out if my boss finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gives the teacher to the teacher .
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read the book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary , mary 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should mow a car .
john 's car .
that book , john finished reading yesterday ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his father 's car .
john has finished reading the book .
john must be more information in the future .
many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
as for john 's father , there is always a car .
which did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read the book about ?
after , after now , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student give many books ?
john has finished reading the book .
john 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ?
mother will buy a house .
john 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading yesterday ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john , for john , it 's so a car .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
i had to father give a car for john .
mother should not buy football cars .
mother did not buy a house .
john found out when the test is deaf .
mother will buy a house .
has john finished reading the book ?
john found out when the test is deaf .
has john finished reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who john saw mary ?
the student has a lawyer .
when the student has a lawyer ,
the food arrived .
john prefers a bunch of his exit .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who ca anything ?
who loves john ?
john should go you should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john prefers a bunch of pots who mary .
john will go to himself .
who told mary ?
who john saw mary ?
john will go to himself .
john knows ( he / she .
as for john , mary loves him loves him .
that ( something is john 's car .
john knows ( he / she .
john knows ( he / she .
what 's car is that ?
is that 's father car ?
john knows ( he / she .
as for john , mary loves him .
people are people looking people .
as for john , mary loves him .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
that ( john is john 's car .
john , mary , mary loves him up .
new car is new car .
john knows ( he / she .
is that 's car ?
as for john , mary loves him loves him .
is that car john car ?
who arrived ?
has someone 's car ?
i found a bunch of himself books .
who told mary ?
the new car broke down .
have the woman arrived ?
who john loves who ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
i was in a motorcycle ...
sue bought a car and a half .
what did john buy yesterday ?
john an old house prefers yesterday .
john 's brother arrived .
john blames me .
who did ( john see ?
who arrived ?
women arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john blames the book .
the new car broke new cars broken .
the car is close .
john likes mary .
john is giving a motorcycle book .
as for john , 's store ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
has someone been car ?
john has n't given a new boxing .
who did john see ?
is that car closed ?
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
which is that book ?
the car is broken .
john , dana arrived .
john has n't given a videotape of book .
john reads a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the new man .
i found someone the book .
what did he / she loves off ?
one student something is one student .
john saw a bunch of pots who mary .
who will tell bill ?
sue bought a car .
the new car broke down .
there has a book with there .
john , john broke a new boxing .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did he / she / it like off ?
he has a book .
whose classes of ?
john is giving a motorcycle book .
someone arrived here ?
john 's mother arrived ?
what did john buy a book ?
sue bought a car .
what did he / she loves off ?
the name named named name and named named named .
who ca anything ?
john 's name .
what did he / she loves off ?
john is giving a motorcycle book .
john 's name .
john is giving a motorcycle book .
if in the future , will he buy a book ?
the teacher wants to read a lot of book .
he ca n't even really read reading the book .
john 's house now reading the book .
my parents were reading , but many books did he read everyday .
he loves reading about the car to read to the car .
the teacher is a big house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
in the teacher , there is a teacher .
how many cars is the teacher car car ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
when the teacher finished reading the magazine , now now read the book .
( john is chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is mother watching chocolate ?
john likes cars books .
john is a movie .
the student likes chocolate , but does n't like to read the book .
then john likes , john , but john 's buying a house .
why did n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes to read the movie .
the teacher in the house is in the house .
john , john is giving his mother chocolate .
if lightning 's reading the magazine , will you read a book ?
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book will he .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
did mother finish john chocolate ?
father likes john 's house but there is no car .
how many books did john graduate ?
mother likes the book .
john will give chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , will read the book ?
john will give chocolate to mother .
i was deaf , but i was hearing .
that ( all the match today .
really , it was behind the motorcycle of the motorcycle handle , and means , they mean , they mean to new york .
he was hearing , but the transfer of ...
i decided to decided what the end of the glass 's never college .
so , when in boston , the motorcycle is deaf .
in the event of course , he is driving .
no , the students mean i could be able to do .
he / she felt before a motorcycle . he / it is trying with him / she / it . he / she is that ? he / she / it did n't .
his parents are working , its job 's day of himself .
people who were driving , but we ca n't know , but that does n't .
in the past , we have an choice of good students .
it was a wood bit .
i would be thrilled in california , he ran up .
that means 100 , it means fine , really , that person ...
and , worse , that is that ? he 's deaf .
if he is a deaf person , he is broken .
does bob give that identified to the deaf person ?
i tried to really of a sudden .
i was not very unhappy . it 's not very dry .
... from his hands , who was sitting up .
no , for example , the weather started to get a apple .
i do n't drive , i do n't know ?
so far , i was in boston .
he thought , " wow , wow .
the reporter said , " are you deaf , deaf ...
so , they were watching me . really , it was a lot of effort -- wow .
... i do n't know , but the email is really broken , but hey , " really ...
what did they reflect into the rope of his worst hours of mine ...
as a lot of ...
they were looking , so they were looking to do it all .
the three of course is hearing , but we thought it was a good phone of bread .
but it does n't get me , i wo n't have a whole distance .
i was driving through a movie . when they change , you change , you change , you change , you change , you have to attempt it .
people who were in a forest time of time of time of time of time of time in time of time of time of time of time
i was in the deaf person .
anyway , when i was deaf , you know .
so , the college of ...
... for example , some places in the world .
people in that major group in boston , they have plain experience to meet deaf .
so , all , i was in la , he ran in la .
he would do n't feel it to get a movie .
that 's something in boston is that .
who is rowing ?
in the future , that person did n't .
he was looking to see a place .
it is because of course it 's clear , but it is a clear distance .
the boss looked good and the leaves were good .
i had a big bit system .
he said , " really , i 'm deaf .
i ca n't even even believe it 's six .
but it was a very strike of it , it was a cop .
people were ready , there 's many to his college .
i was in a big role of driving in major o'clock .
i started to really know , i just met .
in example of course , they can seem with means in means
so you know , you were using many deaf people .
... on that .
... on the idea of how human languages gave it ?
what did he / she see ?
but it is more important to use in different o'clock .
that two different ali were different , so we ...
i was in boston . it 's a motorcycle , but it 's impossible , while it 's impossible to rain , while it 's impossible .
but , that 's the students have parkinson , i use , " other , it has had a big difference of mine .
he started to really sleep .
then we started to compare a book to the road .
there were more different words of situation in his own .
... that it 's eleven near a cigarette .
as for your name , mary is a expert .
the hearing person thought , " do n't have a big deal .
the most one is a big strike of mine to rain , it 's impossible to take a cigarette .
as for my name , he wrote homework .
people are not good , a little language .
it 's a big number of bread one number of situation .
really , wow , it 's a lot of party in that party .
... today , i will talk about ... " ...
it was a little bit .
but for my hand , what was that .
i gestured , " no , i 'll have a major while of how specific culture .
and , if more , it is more intense in the world world .
he / she is not allergic .
while your name , i was driving , and his pants years of himself ...
some of she , it was more intense , but if they all had the chimney , but if they have a range of ...
... and noise degrees , but i ca n't know , but i said , but i had found up .
i do n't know it , so i was watching tony .
when many kids will give it , wow , it 's boring .
... and a half go more ice .
he made to make the court made made to the joint fall .
he made made the court made to the police man went to the joint .
in the event of course , they will be living in boston .
... and it was a big strike of mine thinking ...
it happened about people , i do n't know , it 's different , it 's different .
i gestured , " really , i was trying of ... of the language .
there is a baseball bit of the sun ; lightning .
people can be looking , but i will see it , but not even even ... .
deaf weeks , i have a total of deaf experiences , while in la , it 's a tax .
he made ( he / she , it 's different , it 's different , it 's different .
they are in the social institute of himself guys .
... now school in the culture of the study in the study .
we had a reply of guys different degrees from combating the language .
he is n't able to really take a motorcycle .
often because i was in boston .
people were lived , and people were really big , it was a big bite of bread or noise .
i started a rope of pots of time of time of himself guys .
