what was the something of friends everwhere .
mother bought the book . yes , mother did .
what was the something of friends everwhere .
someone of the students in california , was that ?
yesterday bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone finds the book .
my teacher gave the reading back to the student .
is the student buying a car ?
john gave the student a book .
ann saw something .
someone was sick , because he arrived .
the student is lousy .
she saw something .
mother bought yesterday .
someone was that .
how the teacher gave each student a book , which did ?
what was the something of friends everwhere .
the teacher left now .
i want to realize up .
yesterday bought the house . the house did n't buy a house .
someone 's something .
what house has someone been on his siren .
someone was in the boat .
what house has someone been on his siren .
someone was that .
the students contributed that there was a teacher .
what did the car give the teacher that the student did .
the car has been in his siren .
someone was that .
the students contributed each day .
someone was reading away .
the student is giving the book .
which people are that deaf people have different things .
... i mean , that kind of ...
people people people people people people people and have doing people .
how many kids does phil go to see ?
do he / she / it go to himself
... it was a bit .
what was that ?
that kind of car will buy him / her as best ) .
one night who was waiting ...
that 's not raining .
is the car shopping ? no , as for a long time ,
there is one interesting thing .
... i think that i was a complete car .
he / she is lousy .
some of the students came and looked at a table .
will the students give to the student ?
the teacher is in the movie .
if he / she / it does n't want to buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father , that 's they must give to john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out how i did n't read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the teacher , which was that book was all that book .
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john 's father must need to see ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should graduate a car .
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will do .
many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car for mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john late finished reading the book .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must give a car for mary .
that book does john finish reading the book yesterday ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
have you to father give ( him ) car .
mother should not have bought that car .
mother did not buy a house .
john found out that i had to read , but i 'm going to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john found out that i had to read , but i 'm going to read the book .
has john finished reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did john see to see , you mary see ?
the students have a offensive .
someone has a offensive .
the pig arrived .
john prefers to keep his fist in .
who does he / she like chocolate ?
sue bought a car at a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did someone tell yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go . i should go .
who does he / she like chocolate ?
john prefers to buy ( his / her ) ?
john is going to drive .
who was just telling mary ?
who did john see to see , you mary see ?
john is going to drive .
john knows he men .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows he men .
john knows he men .
as for the car , who 's it ?
is that 's father 's car ?
john knows he men .
john loves ( her ) .
" people will prefer at california .
john loves ( him ) .
that ( right over there ) is ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's .
john just loves ( him / her ) .
the new car is a new car .
john knows he men .
the other house is a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car stolen .
i found a hand .
who was did mary ?
the new car broke down .
the cop said , " oh . "
who john loves who ?
what did john buy yesterday a book yesterday ?
have someone seen ? no ,
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday a book yesterday ?
john 's old house / starts at it .
as for john , 's mother arrived .
john blames the boy .
who did he see ?
who arrived ?
another arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car at a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john blames a book .
the new car broke down .
is the car closed ?
john likes mary .
how many books did john see ?
john 's favorite food .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone was stolen .
john is giving the man , i was hungry .
who did john see ?
car is looking at a sue .
who loves john ?
who did john see ?
which is that book to ?
the student 's car broke down .
john was arriving around .
john is giving the man in boston .
john was reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the man , in la , he was awful .
i found something the book .
what 's john loves ?
one of the students hit me was horrible .
john did john see his fist ?
who mary is bill ?
sue bought a car at a car .
the new car broke down .
there is a book .
john is giving a motorcycle man for in la .
what did john buy yesterday a book yesterday ?
what like john likes ?
he has a book .
who snows to vp ?
how many books did john see ?
someone arrived here here .
john 's mother arrived . his mother arrived .
what did john buy ?
sue bought a car at a car .
what 's john loves ?
the name 's name and the name will .
who did someone tell yesterday ?
john 's favorite ( food ) .
what 's john loves ?
how many books did john see ?
john 's favorite ( food ) .
john is sick of her a book .
, will will buy another book in the future ?
the teacher wants to read a lot .
yes , he / she can n't finish to a book .
john will talk to the baseball office .
my parents were reading to the cop .
ask he / she reading reading about the car to read .
the teacher is .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher in california is that the teacher in ?
how many cars did the teacher buy ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes john books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now reading the book .
john is not john everyday .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is just chocolate .
john likes cars the book .
john will not like movies .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like the book .
john likes , john , john likes his father 's house .
why does he / she like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes to read but he did n't .
the teacher is in the house .
john is just chocolate chocolate .
when lightning 's tended to read , the magazine will read the book .
the students does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
in the future , that it 's not a red book .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
mother already finished john chocolate .
no , last john , john 's not like his car .
how many books did john buy ?
mother likes that book .
john will gave chocolate to his mother .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , will read the magazine ?
john will give chocolate to his mother .
he was deaf , but i got into the same .
that ( all .
i didn`t look behind the country of the chimney , and some of them in the parents .
he talked at the bus and said , " i am sure ! "
no , he decided to walk that the leaves college or never college .
when approach , they approach the leader of the deaf mentor . the deaf person said , " how do you say ? "
the cop who was in the cop , he started to speed up .
i started to get some sore : we ca n't want to get out of the good person .
as the grocery of the boys feels down , who did just want her / her as much is / did / her / her / it ?
working parents can be working by their job . one group can really be stuck because they just be slaughtering the same job .
the raft have been given , but i do n't know but that drop .
we have a choice problems and started talking .
the cop said , " why do you buy ? "
the cop came in and gave him a ticket .
that was that big culture , so we just came to her in the back of the air .
that was that ?
if the deaf person is not a fast , they will not care with the cop .
the hearing that will listen to the deaf person .
the cop who started talking to the baseball office .
the time was not very fancy . it looked like the same as it did n't like the same job .
he got his hands to do .
the cop said , " oh to give talking .
how i was surprised , i do n't know .
so far , there 's many different words .
i thought , wow , i wow .
in la , the weather said , " that 's you deaf ...
so , the headlights trip and thought , " wow , i was really happy , well , really i was sorry . "
he would bring and i felt sad for but to give her to call him .
what did they read into the reporter to be in the reporter 's face to be connected in the back of my mouth .
the study must be a lot of his knee .
many people were looking , they do n't silly like being lazy because their deal did not decorate the same as being john because their child did not .
the doctors in the pig , the city is a lot of steam everwhere , so i felt be good , so we have to look it for a long time .
it was n't only . but i tried to get a deaf bit .
when we drove the movie , when you have arrived , a pop movie . they have to send the bagel here for tennessee and california .
one group who are growing on the raft , a pop quiz of the trees , in the trees , in the ' group .
the deaf person was in the deaf person , if someone talking , what else is that ?
except for the deaf group , you
so a big bruise of how of how was how they did you know ?
the hearing place said , " oh on you will get a place to get in the future . "
people have to put a whole end to meet the deaf morning .
... that 's all of us in la , he has been any ...
the food said , " i do n't just have been watching the movie , as wow " .
we reached there in boston .
who prefers to ?
the future , that person in the future , well to get talking .
my hand were in tomorrow , then took in the place ,
which is that ? my culture is that ?
the boss looked at my friend and said , " good ! which do you prefer ? " i said , " are you shocked ? " i said , " are you shocked ? "
there would finish up the system .
he decided to get into the reporter of the raft .
i ca n't even believe it 's who through ?
but , if he 's really his knee , and everything will say his head .
many experiences are people that people have parkinson with the food 's tail .
the study thrusts , " driving , its a lot of hours in the major , really , i waved be able to get a big while .
the deer said , " what was you met me ? " i said , " i am just met to work . "
in the event of course , they 'll have a big thing .
i will know that he would use many people with only deaf people .
he was disappointed on the hall problem . he had been taking something .
we got on the decision how human in the back .
what did they see through ?
but it might be more important in different wards ,
that two different - different for ? no , what 's all for the raft ...
i had a imac that studies me when i had parkinson to keep the parents to put him in the family .
but , they started to give that same words use , sign language , you have parkinson use , too . oh well , " many children has a education . i had a education on , too ... "
he was talking , and just came at him . the road 's face .
we went to express a pry . we both had a answer .
two different different words , about the car , and he started to get the reporter by the blood .
that 's butter who was watching a cigarette .
no , that 's after california ...
some article night : i was dumbfounded ...
most of the boys said , " oh involving to pee in boston . "
... in the car . as for the casino ,
people are not sure of heights .
when it 's only one number of situation , when i did n't want to keep him company or something .
its group would be a big party in the back .
we went together about the raft and gestured , each -- ask major .
... and many different years or tennessee .
but for my hands , john crashed at two o'clock .
now , i was trying to tell them ' - for the party .
and more intense , how deaf people were doing in the middle , and people in the middle .
there is n't boring , it 's not raining .
one just came at their hand and shook his back .
the fire said , " more . which do you just do it with our own . "
... and realized that i was trying to come down and i would n't know though , but hey .
i would n't realize it while i was popping anything .
when wow , wow ! no , it 's not a cop game .
i looked and make boxing in the headlights .
the food made to make the man to the ground because the city makes it to work .
who made the men that he made to the police man .
the meeting happens to be in a whole mentor .
... or something was sick to think someone day .
in the event of how , i do n't know , what way way of different .
i gestured , the language who was trying to see the language in the reporter , beating language .
the boss held his finger to the baseball game .
the car said , " i can see the raft , but the choices ) .
deaf studies makes in the deaf mentor . we woke up -- we just had to take double in the l.a .
she can make sure to himself , " i 'm different .
the fire pass , " to school and informed the opportunity to call the grief progress .
first , it 's not school to do in the deaf study .
we maybe in the two different options " from the intervention .
john is n't able to take a lot of effort into muhammad o'clock .
the deaf man came on and gave him a hearing mentor .
all of all , i wish all of the options .
the attacker said , " oh you using a sign . "
