someone was in airplanes and pulled me .
did mother buy a book ? yes , mother did .
someone was in airplanes and pulled me .
someone was in the boat .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
his teacher gave the book a book .
did the student buy a car ?
his boss gave the student a give to the student .
was jen seen something ?
someone arrived and arrived .
the student did a student now .
ann saw something .
mother bought yesterday finished .
someone arrived in .
when the teacher gave give the student a student ?
i was in shock and asked what to do .
the teacher gave her to work .
why does phil want to buy ?
yesterday the teacher did the teacher buy ?
" someone is waiting , he arrived .
i was in shock and asked what to do .
someone was in the car and pulled swinging .
i was in shock and asked what to do .
someone arrived in .
books will give the teacher to the teacher .
what did the book give the teacher over ?
i was in shock and asked what to do .
someone arrived in .
the students are giving the teacher a book .
someone arrived here .
the students are giving the book a book .
... that deaf people are different .
... that drop , as the deaf intervention involved , and both people come up .
people noticed doing action .
no , i do n't want to get out that different .
he started to go ahead and speed up .
there is no waiters .
really , who was it on ?
that man , " no , it 's uncertain to see him .
that ( right on .
that 's so that i had to wash myself .
the hearing man was both and hungry .
he was riding that we were really creepy .
he is n't upset , it 's really a big difference .
dana was jumping around , he / she was laying away .
people were really on the motorcycle and tennessee .
the book will give the student a student .
the teacher is in the middle .
when he / she was just a movie , he buy a book .
why bought that book ?
how many books has the students bought so far .
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give to give to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out how the way went out .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did the teacher give the teacher a book , he was .
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary has to finish that car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
is john should yell a car ?
john 's car never seen me .
that book john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give a car for john .
john finished reading the book .
john must read the book . the future will read the book .
as for how many books , john will buy him .
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must be an car .
which house did the student buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading it the book .
how many books has the students bought so far .
john finished reading the book .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john is father there , must be an car .
that book john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading a book .
have the father and found it ?
mother should not have bought a car .
mother bought a house .
john finds out how the test were going to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john finds out how the test were going to read the book .
did john read reading the book ?
john bought yesterday , what did he buy yesterday ?
who john saw mary ?
the student has made .
someone has made that up .
mother arrived .
john is awake who mary loves .
who does chocolate ?
sue bought a car and gave it to do .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did mary buy yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the car .
who does chocolate ?
john is mowing the motorcycle who mary is .
john did .
who tells mary ?
who john saw mary ?
john did .
john knows that he is laying to the man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows that he is laying to the man .
john knows that he is laying to the man .
whose car is that ?
is that 's father there 's father 's ?
john knows that he is laying to the man .
john did n't like that .
is that videogame any group ...
john loves that .
that ( right over there ) is ?
that that that john is giving his father there .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's .
john mary loves that he / she is surprised .
it 's long fine .
john knows that he is laying to the man .
it 's his / her car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
has someone 's car stolen ?
i found that book .
who tells mary ?
the new man gave broken .
" hah , is that ?
who loves john ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
i arrived .
sue bought a car and gave it .
what did john buy yesterday ?
john tends to the old house .
john 's brother arrived .
john is a lawyer .
as for john , who is ) ?
who arrived ?
wolf arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car and gave it to do .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
it 's long new car .
car and i buy a car .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is reading the book .
john 's favorite the lights .
john bought yesterday , what did he buy yesterday ?
has someone been stolen ?
john will not give a new shirt .
who saw john ?
the car had / only more ) .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
which house is that their book ?
it 's long car .
john 's brother arrived .
john gave his men a book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving a new storm . oh , shirt .
i found something book .
what did john love ?
i have someone been in the l.a .
john saw the coffin who mary is corn .
who told bill yesterday ?
sue bought a car and gave it to do .
the new man gave broken .
it had a book .
john is giving a new storm .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what does john like john ?
he had a book .
who prefers to get lapd ?
john is reading the book .
" someone arrived here in boston .
john 's mother arrived ?
john bought a book .
sue bought a car and gave it to do .
what did john love ?
the name starts home .
who did mary buy yesterday ?
john 's tail .
what did john love ?
john is reading the book .
john 's tail .
john is reading the book .
then he will buy another book .
the teacher wants to see a lot repeatedly .
when it does n't finish reading the book , he will give it to the teacher .
john house house .
my boss finished reading the book .
wolf loves reading about the car and read .
the teacher is giving the house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
... the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did the student buy ?
the student likes chocolate .
my father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going a book .
john is reading the coffin .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother did n't see chocolate .
john likes cars .
john will not like movies .
the student liked chocolate , but does n't like chocolate .
john has made his father there .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes chocolate , but does n't like movies .
has the teacher been in the house ?
john is not chocolate , but ( his mother is ) chocolate .
when it was finished reading the magazine , he will read a book .
the students does not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
it will like that book there . that 's it will like that book .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
john finished reading the book .
dad likes john 's house but does n't like that car .
how many books did phil father read ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate , he will give chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
i was hearing , but during the deaf man , that i felt working .
that person that person prefers now .
i was picked out and we use the price to the fall fall to give it to the family .
i was looking !
they decided to sneak rowing , and have never college or college .
now when the deaf man goes to the deaf mentor , he did n't know what to do .
the car would be , but i thought , " oh , but , but he / she is surprised .
there was the ones on means on .
that car he / she was going to the lid .
very , mitt 's invention to hit the parents . it 's fine . it 's uncertain to hit the same .
people really were looking and we ca n't hear but he ran in the family .
we had a place with a party , which means it .
it 's still on the speed and took it to work .
he got up and asked in the trunk .
he lays a bunch to give to the parents to visit in that .
or , she and books that he / she saw him to her .
if he had been deaf , he would have been caught it .
it is that we identified until he / she is deaf .
what loves it but it would be slow , but it 's fine .
it was the same as the life coordinator . it did n't like his officers ...
who was from her birthday who was it ?
what ... he grew up to the car and started talking .
how i 'm hoping that i do n't know .
so , we are really using the key .
he was shocked and good .
he took the deaf person that there is a deaf person .
so , let 's see that the parents were on the list , and another group influences away .
it was the same . the sun`s man said , " hey , you ca n't hear but the word .
what would we buy the end of heights ? what ?
a lot about in la , which they can do . they both walk back for a lot .
as many people were looking , they were not using the same game . one simple name about it was horrible .
when he got the motorcycle and a friend reaches driving , he got a good and filled between the winter and we 'd be a good distance .
but not , i did n't just have a big mentor system while in high school .
they used to get outta movies . when they have to break them , you have to break them the test because they have to break them .
people are probably on a winter often a ball of beating a guarantee of time : a new phone cold .
the deaf person came in the deaf person .
for a deaf person , he is deaf .
so , the sun of how how is people going ?
people go up to places all the way .
people often would have parkinson experience . that 's it .
... and was near that 's face . he did n't know that .
it was n't scared that we don`t had to go up to the bathroom in the chimney .
that happened that happened was there .
who was it ?
the future is in the new person that he / she is delicious .
the boss went to the hospital area of the car and walked talking for him .
because it 's because he / she was my as it had a boy ?
she was relief and a good job where they do n't know . they started to know by the new job .
yes , they will have a baseball story .
he gets like the bush and a ball of steam .
we ca n't even move back through the country .
but it 's not raining , the pigs is broken .
there were no waiters professionals .
the sun takes a big role model to new york . it was a lot of fun and counselor .
the pigs said , " i 'm deaf ! " . i had a surprise mentor .
the next pig belong which means n't .
he will learn and use , " that . i see many people were looking professionals .
he got that . the hall game .
i got on the country .
what ...
but it might be important to get in the trunk .
what two different motorcycles for .
that 's the opportunity were on interstate ali ; it 's going to move on things . then , they said to peanut york .
... but , of course , pete has a donut system .
out that i was under tv ...
i started to tell them ; i 'm deaf .
the third man was in the middle of the road . it was a story of beer everwhere .
my boss the handle ahead and use the door ; it was air .
then in the past , when my fingerspelling is ready to hit him , he got up .
that afternoon the only - ray .
i was coughing and we used to be going to san york .
john told me that he / she was laying around .
people are giving the only legal story .
near the end of the car six , who was it ?
really , it was a lot ago to speed in that .
now like they any would pay about lincoln lombardi .
there was many different cliques .
but ... he came toward the two .
now , i was trying to peanuts them .
and , it is more than how deaf people in boston .
it 's not raining .
it had to rain and we had a rose with the way and walked away .
we had to check more such on their own direction .
and another third year and i was growing up and i 'm accepted it .
i knew , i do n't know , it 's identified .
my aunt was pounding and blamed me .
i pulled up and made an plastic mentor .
he slowly made a videotape made of brick .
who made the situation to make a situation to do .
we decided to people together with people . when they were rowing , they have lived in the house .
or , i do n't know it was fine .
he decided to get the about group of the speed group .
a bite of the language was trying to speed out of the hospital . she was mischevious .
about the group of the road , who snuck downstairs ...
people go onto the raft and progress . people can do more such as much .
the deaf man got in the deaf mentor experience .
he could make him to put it .
the pigs will learn to the tight mentor . the parents would learn that we should learn .
i would not drive in the distance ; the two pigs come about now .
we would discuss two different players from happening .
there was no waiters on the country .
it was the same as that parents on the country . the hearing man looked over to the car and started talking .
the whole service was made of deaf people , have a deaf mentor , but if it was closed on the trip .
i went back and told them some questions for happening .
