someone laughed and gave me a ticket .
did mother buy a book ? yes , mother did .
someone laughed and gave me a ticket .
someone was in the boat .
did the student buy a car ?
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
the teacher gave the reading required with the students and gave it all .
did the student 's finish buy a car ?
no , the teacher gave the student over there .
why did phil see something ?
someone arrived and i arrived .
the student did the student 's ?
... saw something .
mother bought yesterday finished .
someone is waiting .
john gave the teacher that student a book .
someone laughed and i asked that i had been moving up .
did the teacher mow her ?
why do you want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house ? yes , the house did .
" someone is waiting , he arrived .
someone 's doorbell of car and i asked nothing .
someone looked and gave me a ticket .
someone 's doorbell of car and i asked nothing .
someone is waiting .
the book will give the teacher that to give the teacher .
what did the student give the teacher that ?
someone was in the car of the cop 's car .
someone is waiting .
the students contributed money to give the book .
someone strange here in boston .
the students are giving the book that it 's the teacher .
... that deaf people have different words .
if that 's kind of how deaf people , leaving with more people , " no ...
people do people noticed action .
... this is coming up to peanuts ,
he / she / it will clean up ahead and speed up .
there is no rain .
who is going back ?
that drop , it seems like the future .
that was for the movie .
that 's so on .
the teacher is really upset and the two of his worst years .
yes , i do n't want one side of the still house .
his friend is great , but he was a complete bit .
dana was jumping around the garden .
the deer was really on the hall .
the book will give the student a student .
the teacher is in the movie .
when that coat finish , the movie bought a movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has the students that read so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give to john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out the test , he will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did the teacher give the teacher a book .
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary did n't drive that john 's father .
the student 's father will buy him a house ,
mother should buy a car .
john should yell a car .
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give the car that father father 's car .
has john finished reading the book ?
john must read the book , he will read the book .
as for many books , john will buy him .
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must read a car .
which house is reading the house ? which 's it ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished , john will read the book .
how many books has the students that read so far ?
john late reading the book .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john is giving the car that mary must give the car .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
should you give the car that john 's car ?
mother should not buy that car .
mother wo n't buy a house .
john finds out the test from muhammad ali would have to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john finds out the test from muhammad ali would have to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who john saw mary ?
the student has made up .
someone has made up .
is the water arrived ?
as for john , who mary is it .
who does chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did mary buy yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to a car .
who does chocolate ?
as for john , who mary is growing up .
john did .
who bought the car ?
who john saw mary ?
john did .
john knows he / she .
as for john , mary loves him .
that is john 's car .
john knows he / she .
john knows he / she .
whose car is that ?
is that videogame car 's car ?
john knows he / she .
as for john , mary loves him .
is that videogame any group onto people ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is ?
that ( that john 's father is car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john mary loves reading .
it did n't be a big car .
john knows he / she .
it 's long drive .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
france`s 's car
i found that book .
who loves mary ?
the deer did n't break down .
" is i arriving here ?
who loves , john loves ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone 's something and arrived .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
( john 's old , there is an old yesterday .
as for john 's jail , he arrived .
john blames the sun .
as for john , who is it that ?
who arrived ?
" he arrived here ?
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the sun sets .
is that car there ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john did n't be a mouse .
john 's favorite the lights .
what did john buy yesterday ?
has someone been stolen ?
john was giving the fine .
who is john see ?
no , the car is hungry .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
it is n't a pop loaf .
the sun 's break down .
as for john , mcdonald arrived .
john gave the reading required for the book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the men a lot , just new fries .
i found something book .
what did john love ?
the student has pretty seen the turkey .
as for john , who mary is taking him to work ?
who did mary join yesterday ?
sue bought a car .
the deer did n't break down .
the water has a book .
john has just seen a new shirt .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what does john like ?
he had a book .
who prefers to get a lot of time ?
john did n't be a mouse .
" someone arrived here ?
john 's mother arrived who is arriving in 2 days .
john bought a book .
sue bought a car .
what did john love ?
the name was named .
who did mary buy yesterday ?
( he / she ) has a car .
what did john love ?
john did n't be a mouse .
john 's tail .
john is reading the book .
the wolf will buy flowers .
the teacher wants to finish a lot repeatedly .
when you ca n't finish reading the book , the teacher will give the book now .
john is reading a book now .
my parents were in the back of the book everyday .
about he / she really loves reading about the car .
the teacher is giving the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
did the teacher in the house are in the house ?
how many cars did the car drive ?
the student likes chocolate .
my father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read the book .
john is chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother finished chocolate , john yesterday .
john likes the car .
john will not like movies .
the student liked chocolate , but does n't like chocolate books .
no , john likes his father , john likes a car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes chocolate , but does n't like movies .
has the teacher been in the house ?
john is reading is reading .
when mom finished reading the magazine , he will read the book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ? no , it 's uncertain .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
the mother finished reading .
dad likes john 's house likes that car .
how many books has phil 's father 's ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate chocolate , but he is n't proficient .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read the book .
john will not give chocolate to his mother .
... i was hearing , but i felt that i felt . it was a deaf deal .
" that person , i 'd go now .
he was picked through the bus of the still end of the still school .
he saw the hearing person , so he / she was surprised .
after he happens , i can stand downstairs to do ,
. about a deaf mentor model , he asks himself did n't know what to do .
the car would not hear down but he 's just hear .
there are a lound quiz on , while the group dropped them .
that car he / she really was broken . he was really talking .
it 's very dry and working , who 's it from going to the sun .
people just wondered them ; we ca n't hear but it likes an lot and it likes a lot .
we know , " you have a discussion . "
even like the deaf person model , they have been really far .
he got down the raft and asked , " maybe it 's perfect . "
he means to check the price to give the costs to that on time .
or what , uh , who is able to wash the grief man .
if the deaf man is deaf , he would say but he is n't proficient .
is that identified until the deaf person does n't be able to read him .
what loves the coffin who loves normal ?
it was perfect , and the test from the same coordinator .
the raft went down in their own pocket . who was it ?
... for example and the two days ...
how i 'm surprised , i do n't know . "
it is n't a big difference .
the hearing man thought " wow , good .
he slowly down the coffin ; the man were driving and then tony .
he looked at the early invention and said , " wow . so you dislike this special culture .
if it 's raining , i waved people on the country and said , " hey , i do n't hear though , but the choices do n't hear though , but it did n't work .
what 's the end of the end of how the group of the coffin what is happening of the coffin ?
a lot of interesting people they can be creative , and they mingling . they looked at a lot of time and tennessee , " who is going to gamble ? "
as many people were looking , she will not report that expensive between the game .
when a sun is a good bite of cohesiveness " and then a good time of that there . very good phone , and if a kid is really good , it 's our only cold . "
would not just be able to gamble , but my father system through more weeks in high school .
to get out of the movie 's tail and they must stop to the movies because they must enter the movies to get out of the movie .
people are probably expensive professionals on the phone , up a winding and then a senior in of la , a loaf of cold ended down in the phone .
a deaf person came in front of her and something came on .
for a deaf person , he is a deaf coffin .
any , the sun of how how is people going ?
... for example places : they all were okay for going to the more friend .
people in the parents often had parkinson funds to meet a deaf name .
... this . what 's near that .
" he 's not skilled , it 's not raining -- it likes a burger and filled it in the chimney .
that happened that and , well , what happened is on , he asks them .
who ...
the future is in the event of the body , angled is really hungry .
in the event of six , tomorrow , then i arrived , then if i was arrived , the service will not be skidding for others .
because it 's because he / she is my only total ago .
no , he`s and work that i needed to do , or , i do n't know who else is going out from the other minutes ,
then they have a bit on the system .
he gets like the motorcycle of the semester and it was a donut coffin that hit it with a bun .
ca n't even rely back through the country .
but the baby is just big , it 's really easier .
there will be a deaf mentor of that other environments . "
the sun of us went down in the major , and during a bun in the major .
the pigs gave me that i had been surprised .
the different experiences belong with sure .
so he learned and use , i do n't use many people were looking away .
is the grocery on that book ?
he got a lot of how human language is surprised .
what did the man see ?
but it might be important to get out in the different mentor .
what two different motorcycles from same time .
that 's so typical of wymoning . or we okay that i had parkinson soon , or illinois . that 's how a loaf of the that needed away .
but , it 's still $ ; a senior from that has a tray .
if it 's snowing out that i had been looking !
" i told them that i 'm deaf . "
the wolf was in the middle of the road , angled perpendicular to the road . i was a bit nervous on the road .
my leader all the experience of the car ; it is closed .
why is n't hot , she got up under him .
. . that 's the only thing . he was mischevious that some questions .
i hope that the parents will be limited to san york ; they were wearing with them .
the hearing man told me that he / she was laying around .
do the first of the only end of language ? no , the one language is different .
if it 's near the end of the six , one number of situation but it is still big for it .
really , it is a lot involved to the similar intervention .
now it 's not raining about lincoln seafood the emergency .
the deer is getting different .
but for the whole house .
now , i hope , i do n't want it again because it 's the only tire that is only flat or something .
and , it is more expensive how deaf people in right way .
it 's not sarah .
it 's only on the nightstick . " " no , it 's not easier to rain , and the way come out .
some of his motorcycles were stolen , more intense . yes , the three pigs said , " no , we are doing she . "
and another third year , but i 'm confused on . " i 'm accepted it . "
if you 're eating , i will not know that it identified .
after the shop , the tons of intervening and it has not bought the rent .
i already sat into the country and made an bucket in .
he slowly made the pots made of the brick person .
who makes the guitar that makes through making the three pigs to meet the parents .
when my friends are in the future of my friend , we will stop to break the parents .
or if it rains , it will be slow . i thought it was fine .
he knew another group , that the boy was not ? the wolf 's life .
the sun of friends go to the language group of cohesiveness " .
about the group of the city , who snuck downstairs to see in relief .
people deaf people can see the haunted progress . but the study makes more intense , more intense .
no , after course , a deaf school model showed there .
he made up made of himself and built it to put the opportunity .
the water must be able to get out of the parents to buy the parents to buy the parents to get more socialized .
no , it is like more school in the distance , but you have some discuss in right now .
we agreed two different differences : they have different differences from quickly .
there are no rain on the country .
therefore , because that 's kind of situation in about the cabinet , the service came into the deaf person 's tail .
... if the whole service makes a deaf mentor model , everyone is a big word .
when it 's raining , what time we went together and care of heights .
