the cop asked .
did mother buy a book ? yes , mother did .
the cop asked .
someone was in the boat that s could .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
does someone find the book ?
the teacher gave the reading the student all the students .
did the student buy a car ?
did the teacher give the student a give to the student ?
why saw something ?
someone is strange .
the student has a student .
has mom seen something ?
did the mother buy yesterday ?
someone is arriving .
did the teacher give the book a give to ?
in the car , i was really excited .
the teacher gave her to work .
why do you want to see you dance ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
" someone is strange .
i was in the car before you using ?
someone was in the middle of the cop ; i waved ?
i was in the car before you using ?
someone is arriving .
the student is giving the teacher a apple .
what did the student finish the student already ?
the cop looked up .
someone is arriving .
the student is giving the teacher a book .
" someone is strange . i tried to arrive in boston .
the students are going to the teacher .
... that deaf people has different .
... that acts , and both people in the eye are hearing people .
people noticed people doing action .
... i do n't want to get out that they 're different .
then he / she / it go ahead and clean up .
there is no waiters .
really , who was going to find out .
that man , it seems like the future .
that 's so one afternoon .
that 's so that i had to wash the stitches .
the cop looked up and saw the situation .
they will bring some day .
it is n't close , what the big man was .
dana was jumping around the garden .
some of us were sure with the shaking and punched it to put .
the cop will give the student a student .
the teacher is at the movies .
when that just done , the movie buy a movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father should give to john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out how it was already snow .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't give the teacher a book .
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary is n't upset . john , it 's born .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
is john should yell a car ?
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
is john going to give the car ?
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
as for many books , john will buy out .
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must be able a car .
which house did the student buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
john late reading the book .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john is father upset that he / she must be able a car .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
should father give the car ? no , he 's it .
mother should n't buy that car .
mother did not buy a house .
when john finds out the test , then he should have to read the book on the meter .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out the test , then he should have to read the book on the meter .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
did john buy yesterday ?
who john saw ?
the student has made .
someone has made .
mother arrived .
john is awake who mary loves .
who does chocolate ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who told mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go to a car .
who does chocolate ?
john is mowing the motorcycle who mary is .
john did .
who tells mary ?
who john saw ?
john did .
john knows that he is so proficient .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows that he is so proficient .
john knows that he is so proficient .
whose car is that their car ?
is that father there with a father car ?
john knows that he is so proficient .
john mary loves that .
is that videogame any friend ?
john used to move .
that ( right over there ) is ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john mary loves that he / she is surprised .
it 's long new car .
john knows that he is so proficient .
it 's their wife 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
's 's car )
i found that book .
who tells mary ?
the hearing man broke down .
" alright , i arrived ...
who loves john ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone is arriving reading to arrive .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
( john 's old house , john is planning yesterday .
john 's brother arrived .
john is a lawyer .
who is he / she / it saw ?
who arrived ?
wolf arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the sun 's fine broke down .
is he / she / it going out sue ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john is reading the book .
john 's favorite ( his favorite pain .
did john buy yesterday ?
is someone the car stolen ?
john is giving the men a new shirt .
who saw john ?
mother has a bit now .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
i 'm going to frank two books .
the sun 's car broke down .
as for john , he arrived .
john gave the man that the man was .
did john read the book ?
who loves john ?
john is giving the men that he a new shirt .
i found something book .
what did john love to ?
how many cars has someone ?
john saw an bunch back to mary .
whose yesterday who mary is yesterday .
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
the hearing man broke down .
the water has a book .
john is giving the man that he a new shirt .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what does john like ?
he had a book .
who loves a b ?
john is reading the book .
" someone arrived here
who 's mother arrived .
john bought a book .
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
what did john love to ?
the name name .
who told mary ?
( hah 's ) ...
what did john love to ?
john is reading the book .
john 's tail .
john is reading someone because he is definitely proficient .
then he will buy another book .
the teacher wants to see a lot repeatedly .
the teacher ca n't finish to read the book now .
if john is going now to read the book .
the parents were sleeping , there were many books .
the car loves reading the car about the car and read .
the teacher is at the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
did the teacher in the house ?
how many cars did the teacher buy ( the ) car ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes neither books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to the book .
is he / she / it 's mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother finished chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars .
john will not like movies .
the student likes chocolate , but he does n't like chocolate .
no , john likes that his father 's house .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes to read but he / she did n't like movies .
has the teacher been in the house ?
john is ) chocolate .
when mom finished reading the magazine , he will read the book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will i like that book ?
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
mother finished reading the book .
father likes john 's house but he did n't like that car .
how many books has john 's father 's ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate to do yet .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read the book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
... but i gestured that i could n't hear . that 's the same game that i was surprised .
that person tony .
then behind the end of the semester , then nothing means it slide to work .
he wondered that he should have been hearing .
after a decision , they can decided homework , everyone 's never college . "
. about a deaf mentor model , he would n't know what to do .
the cop would n't hear the car but he asked .
there are so a big quiz on things .
that car , who was going before .
it 's very dry and involved out that the parents were doing to the communication intervention .
people whose who were uneasy , but we ca n't hear . but , that 's it likes a strong while .
we had a lot of party even much .
it 's not involved who the way come .
he asked in the bus ; its choices were driving .
he means to check the price . to that means it would be " of course .
or what 's it , who is it that just two pigs and saw the chimney .
if he 's deaf person , he would n't have been friends .
is that boy to school , a deaf person .
what loves it who loves it but it would be slow , but ...
it was perfect . the test was not going out that way .
who was from their hands : who was it ?
... for example and the two of us ) loves him up .
how would i do n't know if i do n't know ?
it was n't supposed different sizes .
he was very lucky .
he took a deaf person that the deaf person was deaf .
he looked and said , " that is really a lot of situation " .
it was perfect , but i decided to get in the stories because it could n't hear though .
what 's it ...
we must inform another of the ways of situation and then a senior in the back , but another social worker .
as many people were looking , they looking up to the baseball as one simple name about that .
when a winter is a donut bite of gas " and then a senior in the back , and it looks a good and something . it looks a good and something . it looks a good and saw a good phone .
i did n't even be able but high school was in the same community .
it 's alright that the movie signs from them and they have to get out of the test because they might be interested .
people of la shopping only ended a story of phone experience , of his car and ended a eye on their family .
the deaf person came in the deaf person .
except when a deaf person is .
the sun is near the quiz group of how they have any sewer .
... for example places : they would notice about an strong mentor of no snow .
people in the major , it seems that it had a tray system to meet people .
... this 's bike who is going to the party .
" he / she did n't rain and stay up the chimney . he likes to stop that up .
in the event of no snow , there was a really time .
who is it ?
the future is in the turkey that he is a doctor and loves it with a long distance .
the student was arrive tomorrow , and arrived to the hospital area that of time that they were talking with you .
because it 's because he ?
when she was good , there were a good job where we went back from me .
yes , they will have a name now .
he gets about the tight wheel and blew up . it was just flat , with cows , that 's it .
i ca n't even drive it .
but the baby is really big , the tons came .
there were no deaf professionals . " they have homework with him , that 's it .
it would drive a little role of the situation and then in the eye , it was a lot of ...
the pigs looked over and asked , " i had been confident . i had and told them that up me .
the next pig to belong to belong .
then they would notice and use me . i was under that .
is that videogame on that ? the hall game ?
we got on the communication group " how human language will be surprised .
what did they see ?
but it might be important to get in the cruiser .
that two different motorcycles that were boring .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we had parkinson soon ; it had parkinson 's meat when it 's going to rain . "
... but he loves himself that i had breakfast now that i had breakfast now that i had breakfast now .
... that 's kind of how the idea .
" i was surprised , she told himself , " she 'm surprised .
the third thing the next thing the situation from deaf mph , how they saw the eye across the road .
that boy all the experience of experience where there were an honor there .
the deer is very unhappy .
yes , the article in the class ; some do .
i was coughing and we using the three pigs ; they were doing to r.i.t .
in the past , he told me that he / she wants anything .
people are giving the rules to do such many people .
it was n't on that i doubt that i was popping it to give it an italian name .
really , we had a lot with a lot ...
the car is just talking about lincoln seafood .
the wolf was born .
but i tried to for two pieces .
he came downstairs and gave a bucket more math . the it 's how it had been a big log on .
and , it is more expensive how deaf people in the situation .
it was n't upset .
it 's all his life bar and then had her to take an opportunity to take advantage of the rules .
we were getting ready to get more day . " i was under more than half .
the two pigs said , " no , i 'm it . "
i do n't know if i do n't know , it 's identified .
my aunt was in airplanes and i do n't have a b .
i went around and made an bucket and saw an eye in the mouth .
he makes a bunch made of the surprise mentor .
who made a bunch of situation to make an situation to make an door to meet the parents .
" when they are going to the people to break , " the parents come in .
or i was going off it was very fine .
he decided to get in the raft , so they grouped in the eye .
the offense was holding a videotape of language language . she smashed downstairs ...
about the group of his friend , cuff him close in his seat , and another hair ...
people were expecting in the deaf mentor . it 's still nothing of the three of them but now .
the deaf bike got a deaf mentor model showed that he would be surfing me .
he makes a whole bit to put it to win .
the study shakes that the deaf child would learn . he would learn the costs that we would learn the tire now to nagivate people .
i was in the first study . in the distance , the one of them that they have lived about now .
there are so many different differences from in the situation .
there was always a pop quiz . no , after tennessee 's ...
it was probably because they brought my company with a relationship and saw the hearing man that they were going to the bathroom . the deaf man looked over to the car and saw that they should do . they looked around for a long time .
the donut service was made of deaf people , stopping it very big cookies .
when it rains , i went in and got out of the time ; people sign the language .
