someone was planning to go ahead and goes to the hospital .
mother bought a book and gave it to a pay .
someone was planning to go ahead and goes to the hospital .
which famous actor does phil have to ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone is reading a book .
how , the teacher has been giving the student 's student .
did the student buy a car already ?
how many books did phil read ?
who does n't want anything ?
how many kids does phil have ?
the student is giving the student to read .
did you see anyone ?
did the teacher buy a book yesterday ?
how many kids does someone have ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
someone was planning to go to the hospital tonight .
the teacher cleans the classroom .
why do n't i have an imac now ?
did the teacher buy a house already ?
does someone move to ?
someone was lucky , the car is broken .
someone , the car is broken .
someone was lucky , the car is broken .
how many kids does someone have ?
the student contributed reading the classroom .
what did the cat who read ?
it was important to leave , the car is broken .
how many kids does someone have ?
the student contributed reading the teacher .
does someone start fun ?
the student gave the student a book .
that makes that chased the deaf child / that are a deaf mentor .
... they realized that the deaf child involved a deaf person .
people are giving jana toys .
is that videogame easy to beat ?
what kind of time
it was perfect all day .
he walks off the motorcycle .
it 's the only thing that he / she is perfectly fine .
it was a lot of five different seasons .
he walks off the lid ...
the clothes are in my major , so studies .
i was in shock .
the raft was shining . it 's ironic that us two stayed on .
the birds are on sale .
we were in the fast express care of muhammad people felt .
the student will read a book .
the teacher is at the movies right now .
, the teacher gave himself that book .
why bought many books did father buy ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father should not give ( his ) father 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out there is a good book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave that the student over .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give ( his ) father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
should john give ( his ) father 's car ?
john 's car broke down .
that book , john finished reading the dog .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
john has arriving finished reading the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
john finished reading the dog .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has visited reading the book .
yes , father 's father , john 's car .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out the window , he would panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out the window , he would panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john bought a book .
who did john see mary ?
the student has the student boxes .
someone has a vegetarian .
the old arrived .
john gave ( his ) mother .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car and gave it to sue .
john bought a book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who is liz 's famous car ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john looked at him and said , john loves mary .
john just go to new york .
who failed the exam ?
who did john see mary ?
john just go to new york .
john knows which girl john loves .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows which girl john loves .
john knows which girl john loves .
whose car is that ?
is that car that is father ?
john knows which girl john loves .
john loves mary .
the clothes are giving jana toys .
john mary loves .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john loves mary .
that was the car .
john knows which girl john loves .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is giving the girls boxes .
i volunteer a book from read .
who knows french ?
the girls are giving john boxes .
why are the name of the classes , it 's ?
who loves john ?
john bought a book .
why do n't work at california ?
sue is a car .
john bought a book .
john is giving a house .
john broke the window .
john shot new keys .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived ?
are the clothes on sale ?
who arrived ?
sue bought a car and gave it to sue .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read the book .
the hearing man was giving john boxes .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to be patient in football .
john broke his keys .
john bought a book .
someone is giving the girls boxes .
john watched his keys and blamed her dance .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
where did john see yesterday ?
which house ( the dog ) who was ?
the hearing person was giving the car .
john arrived .
john is giving the boys boxes .
john reads the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving a house . it 's the same man in the future .
i tend to play football .
what did he / she / it leave for california ?
the student are giving the student boxes .
john shot frank everyday .
bill told bill ...
sue bought a car and gave it to sue .
the girls are giving john boxes .
the student is really talking .
john looked at him and john over a house .
john bought a book .
( he / she ) likes corn ?
she has a book .
who failed the exam ?
john used to be patient in football .
someone will beat tomorrow .
who got a pizza dinner .
john bought a book .
sue bought a car and gave it to sue .
what did he / she / it leave for california ?
the car is broken .
who is liz 's famous car ?
john was looking at a solution .
what did he / she / it leave for california ?
john used to be patient in football .
john has to move away .
john used to be patient in football .
then he will buy a book .
the teacher gave that reading a magazine .
when he / she is reading a book , he will read the book to read .
john is in a house .
the parents said , " to make sure his child 's deaf " .
she likes talking with the two of them .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes to read a book and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
that chocolate , john is giving mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother likes john chocolate .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate , does n't like to read .
what , ( for john 's car , he ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mom does not like movies .
no , the teacher likes movies , does n't like movies ?
the teacher finished reading the house .
john is giving chocolate to his mother .
the baby , you have to be listen to read .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if father does n't like to read , he likes to read .
the teacher gave that the car is broken .
mother likes movies .
did john give ( his ) mother chocolate ? yes , he loves it .
no , father likes john , does n't like a car .
john bought the book , john did .
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
that was not a deaf mentor , but i was just deaf .
how many kids does n't have that ?
it was really inspiring . it 's the same idea through fast really university the way .
the wolf looked at the pig and said , " so what ! ? " he took himself .
... , i can have done to the hospital , he got up .
when she entered utah , she will yell and she know that he / she does n't want to start to start to new york .
since that , who is it funny ? no , it 's awful .
the hearing person turned . the hearing person looked at him .
that dog was that ?
the food was in the fast show 's his life from his shoulder .
the reporter was deaf , but does n't have a deaf mentor , that just was willing .
we had a leader of steak or chicken .
it was perfect all day to lay out and tan .
near the end of the semester , they can not socialize as much .
... that 's the hospital of the city where bu is to boston .
like like , like for example , which studies ?
if that , the deaf child thinks that the baby is deaf .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
i was in the fast , who was it 's child .
the only , the leader was not broken . it looked like a strong distance , it was n't everything-- .
from they used to care about things and the wrong of them .
... for more than seven years .
i do n't even know as i was driving .
so for the example , they used to have ready .
the hearing person thought , " sure thing " and drove away .
in la , of course , the girl were deaf .
so , my agreed , i wish it was safe . he has been confident how to approach that kind of situation .
the morning , " men , it 's alright . "
like like , the study is farther away . the study is very more intense .
it was not first here here in boston . oh , the meat here is not fine .
our motorcycles were in a fast had just wood .
the donut person is in a fast worker , well , counselor , and told the men . they ca n't pick all of the options . wow , it was an honor .
there is not always a pop quiz on the days , it 's impossible to hang out .
the movie , it 's used to escape the movie . the movie starts shaking , it was late . i have to stay here .
people were very intimidating . which night who have a good of five different seasons .
he / she is perfectly fine . oh , a deaf person gestured that he could n't hear .
the screening shows is that the deaf mentor .
so , , that 's fine .
for you sure for example , they used different words for each group .
there were very fast all of the options .
so , the study is to be upset .
in the meeting 's not not a movie , it 's not humid .
there was that , far , is that far to the same .
who arrived ?
in the future , will they do that ?
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he says it in the hospital .
who loves my keys ? who 's it ?
in la , you used to send the video phone to arrive in boston .
there has the many semester that later ?
the meeting was in a fast worker , well , counselor , counselor , and social worker . he had been coming up .
i would n't be able to get out , would n't be able to peanuts , that 's it .
but , that 's fine .
in wyoming , the deaf people are in front had from the system and it had a deaf mentor .
the food would n't be upset , audiologist , counselor .
the only intervention services for the same intervention tennessee , i think myself .
actually , all the way at california .
there are many various options . which night i have a deaf link of steak .
the group is in my major , and just took it .
it was ironic all day and it was an opportunity to drive across the country .
the reporter said , " what should we do ? "
so like , i do n't like any money .
that chased it was n't the same person .
in la , you probably that the child was trying to come in and live .
he / she is n't the motorcycle , two daisy . he has been perfectly hot . she has a lot of five different .
it 's the same of the same intervention siberian siberian tigers .
the early intervention services , as the social worker .
the donut here in boston , they used to be good service .
that 's that chases the mouse drank water .
it is ironic because he got up and feels flavorful .
it is perfect to lay out and tan .
it was perfect . however , because the study is really unpredictable .
there is very strict policies in the ring .
people are n't giving jana toys .
the sun is in a intense , but on it , and vegetables away .
... that players the players is really far in the crib .
if there is no homework outside , a lot is broken .
the pig refused . the hall worker is both more gold .
but ... you know all night they can save money .
you picked in a videotape of europe and vegetables into an accident .
... and here how there 's a deaf mentor .
wow , i do n't like any money .
the only person ( the whole group and chairs were all day . it 's ironic that us two stayed on .
one night , i think , " do you have to use ? " .
... and another guy , with the shaking , it 's boring to hang out .
but , you do n't have any money , i wo n't eat someone .
the baby is n't lousy and plain . wow , it was an honor .
the same of how hospitals were left .
the hearing person wondered what he has been deaf .
he wants to loves the hospital . he has been able to read a house .
there are always a strict system in boston . it wo n't be even dry in la .
or here ( in boston ) it 's very clear .
he is n't the same today . he is n't total .
the tapper walks through the forest , as for a winding life , pulled him in his seat , pulled him . " " no , beth is a genius .
the study is getting more intense here , and just had a hard system .
deaf , deaf , a deaf child does not have a deaf mentor .
the deaf man will refer a deaf mentor from a deaf mentor .
but anyway , they can throw to the hospital and tony .
the first person ( the whole thing in the summer . it 's the same idea as in chess , it was wonderful .
there are be a strict school school 's life . it 's cold .
near the morning , they used to be , so i got in new york .
there are a research of beer everwhere , and the same resources . there 's a long worker .
there is very intimidating . it 's fine to omaha out . i was relieved . it 's important to be connected and i do n't know what to do .
there are a deaf mentor with alone in their child . really , it was a deaf brother .
the study is n't more intense . it 's ironic that kind of situation .
