does your car was good ?
did mother buy a book ?
does your car was good ?
does your family go on tubing ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers to read the book .
did the teacher pass the book ?
did the student buy a car already ?
how many books did .
did you seen joan ?
why does someone start ?
how many books did the student read ?
did you see boston ?
did the teacher buy a movie yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
has the teacher finished reading the book ?
does someone mow the lawn ?
the teacher is in the classroom .
why do you want to use the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house already ?
has someone seen joan ?
does your car like water ? no , it does n't seem ?
does someone hate the lawn ?
does your car like water ? no , it does n't seem ?
has someone seen joan ?
the students contributed reading the classroom , but the students did n't .
what did the students read ?
i hate the exit , the car 's hitchhiking and thought " wow ! " .
has someone seen joan ?
how many books will the students read ?
does someone eat work ?
the student 's read the book , but the students do n't .
the deaf man indicated whether deaf people can drive .
... and called the deaf parents that deaf people is deaf .
people had playing with the air .
what 's the group of the city where bu is ? no , it 's alright .
do you want to go ahead to eat for ?
i was enjoying the drive .
i was n't sure which way to go in .
because he / she / it doing in the public ?
it does n't rain , i am guaranteed to fall out .
he / she does n't want anything ?
the clothes are on me .
i was enjoying the drive .
the driver of the tended 's tended , mike daisy . oh well . "
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
we were lucky and it was our same .
will the students read the book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher gave the boys one book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give you a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out the book , he will read the book .
i never never seen john 's car .
the student gave the student to the test .
why did father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car does n't have to buy a car .
did john finish reading the book ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give ( his ) father ? no , he will give the car .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john will give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father bought a house and gave it to a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has finish reading the book .
john 's car does n't have to buy a car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car does n't have to buy a car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do , john will read the book .
john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john will give ( his ) father a car .
how many books has john finished reading the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't buy a house .
when john reads the book , then i wo n't read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john reads the book , then i wo n't read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey yesterday .
as for john , who loves mary ?
the students exchanged books .
someone has a party .
the air arrived .
john watches mary and gave him in a relationship sandwich .
who does like chocolate ?
sue 's car broke down .
john went and buy a book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
i have a visited sister .
who loves john ?
john should go to class .
who does like chocolate ?
as for john , he saw mary .
john finished work .
who really drank mary ?
as for john , who loves mary ?
john finished work .
john broke the window .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john broke the window .
john broke the window .
whose car is that ?
is that car funny ?
john broke the window .
john thinks mary loves him .
i automatically keep drinking help .
john loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john will buy mary .
that is cooking dinner ?
john broke the window .
the car is broken .
john loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is giving the car .
i find that football , that 's it .
who loves mary ?
the girls are giving you boxes .
why are i going to graduate school ?
who loves john ?
did john buy the book ?
why do you work ?
sue is giving the girls boxes .
did john buy the book ?
john is giving the house .
john just deleted his keys .
john deleted the window .
who did john see who see ?
who arrived late ?
are the clothes on sale ?
who arrived late ?
sue 's car broke down .
as for john , mary loves him .
john shot a book .
the hearing person was just stared .
the car did n't buy the car .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play by books .
john broke the window .
john did n't buy the turkey yesterday .
someone is sick .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is giving and planned to surprise york .
who loves john ?
where did john see yesterday ?
how many books does you have to read ?
the hearing person did n't care and got scared .
john arrived .
john is a vegetarian made of the library .
john read the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl a little bit .
i guess , i stay home .
what did he / she / it want to go out to eat for ?
how many cars does the student start ?
john see the answer ?
who told mary ?
sue 's car broke down .
the girls are giving you boxes .
the weather is really scary .
john is surprised , the girl is shining .
did john buy the book ?
what 's john .
" he says . he / she did n't read .
who supports coffee ?
john used to play by books .
someone snows tomorrow .
who got going to my keys .
john did n't buy the house .
sue 's car broke down .
what did he / she / it want to go out to eat for ?
is it upset ?
i have a visited sister .
john has deleted the file .
what did he / she / it want to go out to eat for ?
john used to play by books .
john has deleted the file .
john used to play pinball in the future .
when will you buy a book to buy ?
the teacher gave the reading required for the test .
he / she does n't finish to read but he / she is hungry .
john is eating a house .
the parents are in my books and deaf people .
the black person in the future the funny .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and books .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
that dog is john 's mom .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate cereal , like me .
, the father did n't breakdown .
why did n't john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like the movie .
the teacher does n't like pineapple cream cheese .
how many cars did the teacher finish reading ?
john will not chocolate chocolate .
all of the pig , he will read the book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher gave each mother a car .
mother likes the movie .
did john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
dad likes john , but does you like to john ?
did john read the book ? no , john did .
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) father chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the book , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear , but i am deaf .
why does you / she / it leave for tuna ?
the early man care about muhammad dollars and the same resources .
the hearing person wondered that he should n't hear .
they can make sure you have to go ahead and sit it to the hospital .
a person will realize and embraces them that he deaf and stayed out of the new job has a deaf job .
of course , election , is weird but it 's funny .
the hearing person thought , " no , he got excused ! " so she started thinking ! "
why ... did he / she / it grow up on the farm , he / she did n't stop on the bagel .
if his kind of france breaks , everyone will spray sometimes his / her is close to the joint .
the reporter who was scared . really , but does n't they have a good brother .
we had a leader that sat at the back of the raft .
we sat down and wait for the same idea .
... and they would refer the other person on , he would yell .
we will be able to our room to approach that kind of situation .
... like the side of the city where bu is ? bustun ? no , it 's a thinking game .
it 's important that the deaf child from utah .
the hearing person looked and thought , " wow , he is lucky ! " .
" does you want that ? no -- he do n't know " to do , " i am just teasing , do n't have that ?
the study sets . the study is very dry . when the study is not broken .
they have today and it 's more outside to have diversity and have the running progress .
... for more than seven years .
which could i do n't know where to do , i thought , " ...
so , those family have a good interpreter .
i walks upstairs .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear . there is a research that of the deaf person .
so anyway , my family must love the handle and scared to the hall coordinator .
the offense picks a bunch of guys who weigh 300 , 350 pounds to block ...
it was the same as that kind of situation in boston .
we would cause problems for the early intervention , he usually be able to find an chimney to stay at the sun .
bad than the fast that are not looking for the system .
we decided to continue shake and the reporter got scared . he ca n't use a house . the hall coordinator was full and more flavorful . his ra said , " oh , you 're welcome , too . oh well , no ... "
but , i think , i did n't save money , the tons of all in the future .
the movie is more dry , audiologist , or counselor , well , and social worker .
people were utah and typical of wymoning . for example , probably seem together from their child .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear .
yes , that 's fine .
so , the family must perceive about them .
... for two years , for example and vegetables on .
... from the same event of the deaf area in boston , deaf studies .
so , the family does n't care and moved south to new york .
the movie is not friendly . no , it 's not their same idea .
that 's the same idea from the same idea .
who supports new york ? ?
if you plan ahead of time you will save money .
... i do n't know , it started with a k. . at csun , you see , the one in trouble .
who failed my keys asked who is ? ?
we hoped the reporter that sat at boston . the hall coordinator was more intense .
do you have to work all night ?
the waitress are both friendly , audiologist , doctor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two person .
if you study , the boss will yell and south to the hospital .
the early person was n't more angry . " well , yes , yes ...
people have a deaf role model here with their child .
the boss will include the specialist , audiologist , doctor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two intervention .
the third person was surprised and mike daisy . it could be rainy , like a person worker . i thought , no problem .
he / she really feels nothing ?
the third person got in fact more intense . i have to admit how really , that 's it .
it was on eleven ; players on the two teams match up in the competition .
ask the next - the semester , they 'll learn to worry .
how ... which kind of situation ...
but in la , would they do that ? no -- they do n't care and just drive right through .
the early person said , " make seem to move away . "
that 's so typical of wymoning .
the doctors person gestured , " oh , you 're afraid , too . oh well , " and drove degrees .
ask the group , the baby is definitely broken . the deaf person said , " no , no -- move back . "
our cousin , the baby is lousy and more flavorful .
so i know , there would be a good time .
there 's always a pop quiz in the city .
it is perfect . are you near the mexican phone ?
it is perfect -- we used to surf the sack .
it 's the only worker with siberian tigers -- their stripes vary .
it 's the only story : there was a good distance between the doors .
ask the end of the semester , the baby is broken .
when of course , it rains , is the same idea .
... really , football players now the first of cohesiveness .
if there is no snow , the study is definitely cancelled .
the leader would yell and embraces the situation more calmly .
... anyway , i do n't know , really many other things . it 's the same idea here in boston .
it was now from now a beautiful today . the hall coordinator is fresh and more flavorful .
... and they would approach a deaf mentor .
why is n't there any easy ?
the first thing the reporter vibrating . wow , a quarterback worker . are you imagine that ?
" we were lucky , so really , it was n't worth ...
... about the going . i closed , ... i had no bumps on ...
he , i do n't know , there was always a pop quiz .
my aunt is an expert at making blue berry pies .
... was the great . however , the family feels had cracked and we decided to catch at the hotel .
the hearing person wondered what he can do . he / she is perfectly fine .
does you know what chases the mouse drink water ?
in la , a loaf of bread costs old , because during strikes it snows , gets colder and dry .
or they would ask the word parents on ?
he had made a videotape of himself riding on .
the tapper thrusts his hand into right to the road and went back upstairs to my room .
the study is very more intense , audiologist . oh , the sun here is fresh and more flavorful .
the deaf man indicated he could n't hear .
a deaf role model who has been trained can show the parents that he / she is perfectly fine .
he can do anything else to the can do . he can do anything .
the first thing his sore into in relief , audiologist , and social worker .
if it 's snowing outside , then school will continue .
we stayed at out of nevada and every year .
we would cause problems . if a whole year 's worth of i-40 , etc .
the first thing because we ca n't speak english . it shows that the child is lousy . we ca n't speak expensive .
we had a deaf role model , deaf studies .
the study will include the specialist , but the hall coordinator .
