does someone was planning to lay out and tan ?
did mother buy a book ?
does someone was planning to lay out and tan ?
does your family go on tubing ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers to read someone ?
, the teacher did n't give the student to the concert .
has mother been buying a car ?
how many books did you give the teacher ?
did the birds game ?
why does someone start ?
how many cars did the student buy ?
did you see joan ?
did the student buy a book yesterday ?
does someone met ?
has the teacher been good ?
does someone was planning to join ?
the teacher exchanged the classroom .
there are so many things that are wrong with the system ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
someone does n't know what to do ? no , it 's awful .
does someone saw the lottery ?
someone does n't know what to do ? no , it 's awful .
does someone met ?
the student will read the teacher a book .
what did the student show the classroom ?
why does you hate money ?
does someone met ?
the students is giving the books .
does someone start to work ?
the student gave the students a book .
the deaf man said , " really ? yes , he is lucky . "
the man arrived and asked if he deaf ...
people voted many night ?
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? yes it 's wonderful .
do you want to go ahead to eat ?
it was perfect day .
really , it was a beautiful difference .
the next day , he will yell .
there was many different things .
he walks upstairs and goes to the hospital .
the clothes are on my major , deaf studies .
really , the older man goes to walk in persuit .
the reporter goes on california , and he stitched it .
the clothes are on sale .
" really , i am fine , " he said .
will the student give the student a book .
the teacher is at the movies .
the student gave the student that the movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give ( it a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out the book , he will read the book .
i never never seen john 's car .
the student gave the student to the test .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give ( his ) car a car .
the student will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
will john give ( his ) father ) ?
john did n't see the car .
has john finished reading the book ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give ( his ) father a car ?
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student , which cars did n't buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john john at the library .
john did n't see the car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see the car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
has john finished reading the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john will give ( his ) car a car .
how many books did the student give john ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
father must give a car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out the book , then there wo n't be a book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out the book , then there wo n't be a book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for john , who saw mary ?
the students exchanged the cars .
how many cars does someone have ?
the old arrived .
as for john , who saw him ?
who does he like chocolate ?
sue 's car broke down .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the car , the mary was lying .
who loves john ?
john should go to the concert .
who does he like chocolate ?
as for john , he saw mary .
john is going to new york .
who failed mary ?
as for john , who saw mary ?
john is going to new york .
john knows the old man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the old man .
john knows the old man .
whose car is that ?
is that car there ? yes , yes ... "
john knows the old man .
mary does n't know the answer .
the third person grew up . wow .
mary does n't know the answer .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john thinks mary loves the party .
that 's the car is bald .
john knows the old man .
that 's the car is bald .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is giving the girls boxes .
i find that football book .
who supports mary ?
the man are giving john boxes .
why isnt't you / it leave ?
who loves john ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
why does you hate money ?
sue 's car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
john is giving the girl a box .
john broke the window .
john watches new york .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
is the video phone before ?
who arrived late ?
sue 's car broke down .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading the book .
how many cars does you mean ?
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play football .
john leaves deleted the file .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone is a real motorcycle .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who saw john ?
the car is giving .
who loves john ?
" what did john see ? " he asks himself
how many books does you want to buy ?
the hearing person did n't care and got into the car .
john arrived .
john is giving the book .
john read the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl a box .
i used to play football .
what 's john ?
did the student really passed to the store ?
as for john , who saw him ?
said for liz ?
sue 's car broke down .
the man are giving john boxes .
the girl is really scary .
john is giving the old man .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the turkey sandwich , they asked ...
the student did himself .
who supports coffee ? ?
john used to play football .
someone snows tomorrow .
who 's mother arrived ?
john did .
sue 's car broke down .
what 's john ?
is the video phone ?
as for the car , the mary was lying .
john has eaten an old .
what 's john ?
john used to play football .
john has deleted the file .
john used to play football .
then he will buy another book .
the teacher gave the boy to the test .
hey , the teacher will read the book later and whether if the students is going to read a book .
john is in the house .
the parents and groom danced at their wedding with a dance .
wearing black clothes in the summer will make you hot .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
that dog is john 's car ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes a car .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate cereal .
he , john , must giving mother .
why do n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
no , the teacher do n't like the movie .
how many cars did the teacher finish class ?
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes there , he will read the book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher gave each of the car .
mother likes the movie .
did john give john chocolate yesterday ?
dad likes john and house does n't like a car .
have many books does john have to john ?
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf man wondered that the deaf person . he was n't deaf . "
why do he / she / it doing in their farm ?
it was really inspiring . it involves many things :
the hearing person looked and thought , " wow , he is lucky ! " .
no , i can have done cream cheese . i rang the ra 's doorbell
a few model well , well , and she will be able to find our humor in the new job or less .
? that 's not just love water ?
the hearing person was excited and thought for them to worry .
that dog would n't you buy a word , he will yell .
when his france breaks to france 's king , everyone looks at the motorcycle . ” , no , france does n't have a king now .
who was probably with their child with the same mentor that ? now it does n't seem bad at all .
we have to discuss about general .
we sat down and got ready .
they ca n't care down and cause problems for another residents .
therefore , overall , there 's from the family to move away .
like , what 's after tennessee ?
the baby is just deaf . it 's not their fault , they if it will study .
the waitress will yell to the deaf person .
" really , it does n't seem that feeling with her .
the study road 's not broken at all . it looked like a log cabin .
from now on , the weather who is lousy today .
... for more than seven years .
which could i do n't know where to do -- i thought it was fine .
so , the family must learn to attack , so coffee .
i tended to put a lot in the u.s .
the hearing person was driving and here at home .
the wolf wondered what he should do . he looked around the house and saw the chimney .
the offense picks a bunch of beer rose from me .
in la , the weather tends to be " flat"--75 or 80 degrees .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
there are so many things that are wrong with the system for good . why do n't they look together for their shirt ?
we would cause problems for our ra , residence counselor , you know , the one who checks up on the dorms . i think that it would take me for sure .
the not not just thought it 's not funny , but we did n't be expensive .
it 's the same thing any regular life to beat , but if it rains , the movie is shining .
people seem were probably with their child with a child with a child .
hearing deaf man said he was funny . he was n't deaf .
the girls will learn , " no ?
so , the family was in fact move here .
... for two years , for example and vegetables away . they were awake at them .
people make make in touch . when a child began to be hearing and their brother had a deaf brother .
so how , the family in fact move here .
the study is not friendly and it 's not their word bit . it 's not their fault , and they do n't care .
in the event of no snow , there is a good distance .
who supports new york ? ? ?
if there is no snow , will you do that ?
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun !
really , she 's only afraid of heights ?
in la , the service is awful and more intense . it 's ironic to two good or something . we were okay with it .
do you have to work all night ?
it was the same as any regular life -- later they would say to the other coordinator .
if it can create an end of australia , stopping something .
but in la , the baby is really unpredictable .
in la , the deaf child had a deaf mentor , while the group from tennessee .
the first thing on sale .
the tables and chairs would be " i am sorry . " it 's an automatic negative . "
( this is a story of ) one of europe ?
the parents must learn and embraces the situation more calmly .
the offense and chairs would be moving to the hospital .
it is ironic because we used to discuss it as the country .
the reporter said , " are you sure ? do you want anything ?
but anyway , of course , i do n't want to say it here .
" what was that ? " he asks himself the doors .
that 's so typical or wymoning . we probably get our meat from there is probably to la , the family wants to use speech .
the study is n't fine , and the child 's hitchhiking . it 's ironic that the child had n't serve it .
the early intervention services and the deaf resources . they looked at the meter and thought " whoa ! " .
the baby , the baby 's hitchhiking and whether if the glass was broken .
it was probably from us anyway so we went . we picked them up and threw them in a bag .
does the game tonight before good ? yes it was wonderful .
ask the morning , the baby is definitely hard .
it was perfect -- there is a good distance .
most of us , it 's important to find speech and it 's used to have speech .
of course , the teacher is lousy .
of course , the not do n't care and just checked .
when it tends to surf the end of the semester , it 's important to hang out and have the right in the border .
... really , football players now millions of dollars .
if there is no homework , the study asks them .
the leader would yell and embraces the situation more csun .
... but at the same time they 're in class .
it was probably from eleven guys eleven guys mph at long six or 10 mph .
... to do more such as while the deaf man grew before .
why is not there any pineapple cream cheese ?
the study is very strict worker . oh , the social worker is fresh and more flavorful .
one night , three of us went upstairs -- we lived on second floor ,
... like , and everything 's fine . i just had to stay up and stay up .
there 's no cops . he 's not going to do it ,
my aunt is named blueberry pie .
there were eight of us ; they went .
the hearing person wondered what he should do . he / she can communicate .
does n't know what ? ? no , he does n't have an education now .
in la , the sun is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , hot , cold or cool .
of course , it 's your turn game .
he had made a videotape of school is going to the library .
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
the study is very friendly about here . it shows how the language influences individuals ' ' it 's the same idea .
while the deaf man said , " not seem fine , not seem from a deaf house . "
the deaf man who is deaf and a half years old .
he can do anything for a motorcycle , like for white , the family was deaf .
the first thing the doctor and nurse would say to the parents would dissipate to the grief progress 's door .
the study is very strict here because of too school will be sick for the same idea .
... at the morning . when the first year grew ...
it 's the same thing with siberian tigers -- their stripes vary . wow , it 's important to be connected and it 's used to have diversity in the group .
the first thing on expensive , too to intervene because it 's important to find speech . we ca n't pick them so we ca n't speak expensive . it is ironic because we used to keep it expensive .
the parents in boston deaf people have a deaf role model , while their child with the deaf person .
you know , the hall coordinator is fresh and more flavorful .
