someone saw the car .
did mother buy a book ?
someone saw the car .
your family are giving well .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does someone have ?
... bundled the students gives the students to the test .
has mother already bought a car ?
how many books did you give the teacher ?
did you see joan ?
who does your family like ?
how many books is the student going ?
did you see something ?
did the library buy a movie yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
has the teacher finished reading the book ?
your car does n't want to see it ?
the teacher is in the movie .
why do you have an imac now ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
your car does n't know what to buy ?
your car does n't know what to buy a car ?
your car does n't know what to buy ?
has someone seen joan ?
the students must read a movie .
what did the teacher read ?
i knows , the car is broken .
has someone seen joan ?
how many books is the students clear ?
someone prefers dark tomorrow .
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
the deaf person wondered whether deaf people can drive .
... bundled while the deaf man came to a hearing mentor .
...
what ... no , the players is really broken .
do you want to go out to the police station ?
it was perfect here in boston .
he walks off the handcuffs .
he / she should like the internet .
there was many different things .
he keeps off the handcuffs .
the clothes are on my major , deaf studies .
i was enjoying the heart .
the driver of us are both daisy , then i got in and had just upset .
the clothes are on sale .
one of us went upstairs -- we lived on second floor ,
will the students read a book .
the teacher is at the movies right now .
the pig gave the movie that the baby was just going to the student 's eat .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give you to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a reading book .
nope , i have never seen john 's car .
the student did n't make the reading required .
why is father upset ?
what is john 's reading books ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father there that ( her ) .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
should john give ( his ) father a car ?
john 's car does n't have a car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give ( his ) father a car ?
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john will give ( his ) father a car .
which cars is the student been that ?
what is john 's reading books ?
after after , john has john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
john will finish reading the book .
john 's car does n't have a car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car does n't have a car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john will give ( his ) father a car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
father must give father 's car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he got destroyed and took compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he got destroyed and took compelled to read the book .
has john finished reading the book ?
john did n't buy a book .
who did john see yesterday ?
the student do n't like to read .
someone has dark books .
the old arrived arrived .
as for john , who loves him ?
who does like chocolate ?
sue is giving a car .
john did not buy a book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
said , " i warned you , mother called a man .
who loves john ?
john should go to the concert .
who does like chocolate ?
john looked at him and said , " yes , john is lucky . "
john is going to new york .
who knows french sister ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john is going to new york .
john knows the girl .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the girl .
john knows the girl .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's father 's car ?
john knows the girl .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john is giving mary .
that ( his men is broken .
john knows the girl .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is giving the car .
i left that there 's always a pop quiz .
who fell in love with mary ?
the girls are giving the girls boxes .
why are they chasing me ? i asked ?
who loves john ?
john bought a book .
why does you plan to travel ?
sue is giving the car .
john bought a book .
john is giving a house .
john broke the window when he was sitting .
john watches tv .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
was the video phone going before ?
who arrived late ?
sue is giving a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john told reading the book .
the cop are giving the car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play books and read a book .
john leaves deleted the file .
john did n't buy a book .
someone is stolen .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
where did john see yesterday ?
how for directions , who was it ?
the hearing person did n't break down .
john arrived .
john is giving the boys a book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl in the future .
i used to play football .
what did he / she / it go to the store ?
people are giving jana toys .
john has seen mary .
said , ann don`t don`t someone ?
sue is giving a car .
the girls are giving the girls boxes .
the teacher is really scary .
john is giving the girl into a truck .
john bought a book .
did he / she / it like frank .
he / she reading a book .
who supports coffee ?
john used to play books and read a book .
someone will figure tomorrow .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
john did not buy a book .
sue is giving a car .
what did he / she / it go to the store ?
is the video phone clear ?
said , " i warned you , mother called a man .
john has been deleted the football .
what did he / she / it go to the store ?
john used to play books and read a book .
john has been deleted his keys .
john used to play football .
when will you buy a book ?
the teacher gave each reading that book .
he / she should read and read a book later .
john is in a house .
my parents lived on their magazine because he is lucky .
the clothes loves in my major , deaf studies .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes reading and books .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
that chocolate , is john 's mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to give ( his ) mother chocolate .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but he / she does n't like to read .
it does n't like father 's car .
why did n't john not like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
no , the teacher likes not movies .
how many cars did the teacher finish reading ?
john will not given ( his / a ) mother .
... . however , yes , he will read a book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher gave each mother a car .
mother likes the movie .
has john already given john chocolate ?
dad likes john , but does n't like his car .
which books did john give to john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) father chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear it .
how many children that are / he / she / it will eat in their mouse .
really , the fruits and chairs were all different places .
the deer wondered that he should destroy the house .
i can have left for sure .
a few model well , well , well , that is not expensive .
who loves that ? the study is really thrown !
they grabbed me and led me to give information waiting .
that time that person / she is n't fine at 80 .
his his wife is stolen , his wife is bald .
the wolf was in shock , really ?
we had a leader that sat at it .
we sat down and told them .
they would cause problems for the other intervention professionals on the headlights .
... that 's kind of how typical of wymoning , well , and social worker .
like , his motorcycles who fell off and build me .
it is important to make sure if he / she is perfectly fine .
the cop are giving my brother , deaf ...
do not want anything ? no , who 's not allergic to omaha more .
it was perfect -- the players was just broken . it looked like a log cabin .
they were cutting , and they fell up and cause on .
... for more than things .
how for that , i asked i thought
so for that , the family in fact move here .
the deer is really big .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear in la .
so anyway , my family must have been to come down and said , " forget it . "
... . he picks up the whole thing . he told his men , " hey , hey 's . "
it was the same as any regular life -- their stripes vary .
he would have a big interpreter , either , counselor , counselor , counselor , and many different places .
some than utah , here does n't have a video phone in boston .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he got in the ring .
i do n't think it was not raining , i told not a few - mine .
the sun is more dry . when a baby is close to the library because it 's impossible to hang out .
people were friendly with it with their child .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear more hear .
when the student that is deaf , deaf studies .
so , that 's fine , who was n't fine .
... for two years . the next pigs for more than home .
there were very strict policies on fruit .
so , the family in fact move here , and said , " that kind of situation .
the group is n't beautiful today . oh , wait a minute .
that 's all , that happened is all in la ...
who supports new york ? ?
if you want to use the video trip , he will yell them .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he says in the mr .
who failed my keys ? what ? ? what ? ?
in la , the weather tends to be " flat"--75 , sunny and dry , every day .
then many books have you been good ?
the waitress was really scared . it had a big log on their finger .
ca n't give out peanut butter , beth is deathly allergic to peanuts ,
the baby was n't more angry . oh , it does n't seem though at all .
in la , a deaf child had a deaf role model . they were ready to make sure in the deaf community .
the first thing the reporter 's burger . wow , the hall coordinator is fresh and more flavorful .
the only person wondered where he should do . i had no bumps on my arms .
... over , we had to do one thing as punishment .
here ( in boston ) , they have good service , and that 's fine .
... was stuck under the motorcycle . make example , and put this aside .
... to make sure they will give out that silber 's deaf .
... watching the whole thing .
but in la , the weather is really unpredictable . it could be rainy .
he , that chased me that i had been perfectly fine .
that 's so typical of wymoning .
he gestured that he is n't fine .
ask the group of the baby , the baby is shining and more flavorful .
my aunt is named blueberry pie .
so , they have to send it a lot , but i know it might be expensive , too .
there 's something and ended in florida .
it 's illegal to lay out and tan .
it 's illegal to escape all day .
it 's important to make out and have intervening aside .
all of us , that 's all , is the same idea .
people are n't sure the study is just broken .
the sun was more intense . he closed and locked the door , sat , and the leaves fall off .
... really , football players now all dollars in la ...
it 's illegal to be a football today .
the food said , " make sure it 's worth here . "
but for an same babies , they can not hear for them .
i just had to get now into a sports accident from my ra .
... and here at the deaf community , and said , " hit , and how left .
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
the first thing the reporter 's burger . wow , the meat coordinator is fresh and more flavorful .
one night , it was very fine .
... and another guy , mike daisy , three day , three ...
he still took it . he 's not a big .
my aunt is an expert at making blue pies .
... was stuck under the boat and then found the whole back on .
he can communicate and laboriously laid the situation . he slowly built the house .
he loves in the fast . can make sure that child loves water ?
in la , the sun is really dry . it could be a very log .
or they would refer the opportunity to make sure .
he had made a motorcycle of himself riding on .
he looks at the limp body in my finger .
the study notices in california is all the system . it shows how the language influences individuals ' ' la 's la .
while for the deaf babies , they can not hear deaf as we did n't hear .
the deaf man who whether people can drive to the parents who deaf .
he can communicate and laboriously laid the bricks . he slowly built the house .
the first thing the reporter 's tail where he can communicate at the ring . it 's ironic that kind of situation .
it is dinner because school is still hot to school .
... at the nearby , when he was sitting , then throws it before .
we would cause problems about it 's the same thing across nebraska .
it was expensive because we got to new york .
it was important to fine all alone and two people had a deaf brother .
you know , the sports coordinator is more dry . it 's the same idea here in boston .
