does your car start to lay out and tan ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
does your car start to lay out and tan ?
does someone hate the lottery ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers to read the book .
did the teacher listen to the teacher ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
how many books will the teacher read ?
did the pay phone ?
why does someone start to travel ?
how many books did the student read ?
did he / she see something ?
did the student buy a house yesterday ?
why does someone start travelling ?
how many books has the teacher finished reading so far ?
does someone hate the lottery ?
the teacher cleans the classroom .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
does someone start to travel ?
does someone hate the lottery ? no , it 's alright .
does someone hate the car ? the car is broken .
does someone hate the lottery ? no , it 's alright .
why does someone start travelling ?
the students must learn to listen to the teacher and movies .
what did the teacher read ?
why does n't they start to travel ?
why does someone start travelling ?
how many books will the students read ?
does someone start to work ?
did the students listen to the teacher ?
deaf , a deaf role model who can drive .
... to go in a dorm , but the deaf person said .
the air are singing .
ask for now on , the study is broken .
do you want the video phone ?
i tend to transfer to the rochester institute .
i was in the coffin
because the baby was hearing , that 's it .
really , i was very hot .
he / she did n't like a movie .
the clothes are on sale .
i was under sure which way to go .
we ca n't care . i was hungry .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
we were lucky and it was very fine . it looked different many things .
will the students listen to the teacher ?
the teacher is at the movies .
then he , the teacher must learn to buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must move to john soon .
the student 's father buy a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't make the reading required .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give ( his ) father chocolate .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should n't give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car loves john .
did john read that book ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give ( his ) father that car ? he wo n't .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
which house is the student 's father buy ?
what did john read a book about ?
after i finished out , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john finished reading the book .
john 's car loves john .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car loves john .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
did john read that book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father must mow ( his ) father 's car .
mother should not buy a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought a yesterday .
who do john see yesterday ?
how many cars did the student buy ?
how many books does phil have ?
is the water cold ?
john thinks ( his ) father chocolate .
who likes chocolate ?
sue is a car .
john bought a yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my car , mary loves mary .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john thinks ( his ) father chocolate .
john finished reading .
who is it ?
who do john see yesterday ?
john finished reading .
john knows the answer .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
whose car is that ?
is father planning to the car ?
john knows the answer .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
the clothes are on sale .
john mary loves ( him ) .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john is giving mary .
that was it 's car .
john knows the answer .
that ( the car is broken .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone prefers to go by the car .
... i had a good time when i went to book .
who supports mary ?
the hearing man was giving ( his ) cars .
why are he / she / it doing in california ?
who loves john ?
john bought a book .
why would your work ?
sue is giving the girls boxes .
john bought a book .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john just deleted his work .
john works nights .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
are the clothes on sale ?
who arrived late ?
sue is a car .
john loves mary .
john finished reading the book .
how many cars does he want ?
the car is really broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play football .
john just deleted a file .
john bought a yesterday .
someone is sick .
john is giving the girl john 's car .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is really broken .
who loves john ?
where did john see yesterday ?
how many books does he want to have ?
the hearing person did n't care and got into the car .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl john 's book .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl that it 's deaf .
i used to play listen .
what did he / she / it leave for ?
did the student buy a house ?
john has seen who loves mary .
as for my job , mary loves mary .
sue is a car .
the hearing man was giving ( his ) cars .
the book is really scary .
john is funny , he 's fine .
john bought a book .
i do n't know .
did he / she / it read a book ?
who failed the exam ?
john used to play football .
does someone start travelling ?
who 's mother go to ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue is a car .
what did he / she / it leave for ?
is it hot outside ?
as for my car , mary loves mary .
john has two mice .
what did he / she / it leave for ?
john used to play football .
john has two mice .
john used to play football .
then you will buy that book ?
the teacher wants to read a book .
maybe he / she should read a book , he / she will read the book .
john is in a house .
my parents wanted to listen to the movies because he / she wants to read a book .
she / she wants to buy a plaid shirt .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
that dog is john 's car ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother suspected that he loves chocolate .
john likes books .
john does n't like chocolate .
the student likes chocolate cereal , like me .
... that 's pineapple cream cheese .
why is n't john does n't like chocolate ?
mom does not like chocolate cereal .
no , the teacher do n't like chocolate .
how many cars did the teacher read ?
john is giving chocolate .
then i had done done with the read and read .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is at the house .
will father like chocolate cereal ?
the teacher 's car is broken .
mother likes movies .
did john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
no , father likes john 's house but does n't like a car .
what did john read a book ? john wo n't .
mother likes that book .
john will visit ( his ) father chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the book , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
she deaf , that deaf , that kind of ...
why does he / she / it doing in tuna fish ?
it was really inspiring . wow , it was a fine .
the hearing person looked at him and said , " ok , wow . "
... that i can go ahead and have an opportunity to do , " you can ask the other one .
so , we were good and stayed south to new york at csun .
? because he is really love expensive . he has just bad .
the hearing person got off and started to move away .
that dog was n't mine . he has had a total of five years .
when his metal breaks on his stomach , who looks in the back 's face .
the man who who who wants to use a plaid clip .
we had a good time next morning .
we sat down and waited for them to arrive in the morning .
the waitress said , " oh you ca n't hear well as " they ca n't pick all of the options .
we wanted to realize that next year in boston was good .
... and another guy , what 's going to play again . "
if she deaf weather is deaf , he will yell .
the waitress said , " oh , that 's fine . oh well .
the reporter said , " no , no ? no , it 's is important to have diversity in the end of the deaf community .
there were no cops . the study is really friendly . it looked like a log loaf house .
from they found out , everyone looks at the back ...
... for more than seven years .
how for that , i saw it .
those moved south to new york .
i was driving through the country .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear . the deaf person stopped celebrating inside the house .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family at the door at the new house but .
the reporter said , " oh you know ? do you want anything else ? " they said and hastily built a fire in the fireplace .
in la , the weather is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , hot , so we said .
we decided to check them ; we went . we picked up and threw them in a bag .
there were many than food . they were good and many people had become more than seven than seven years .
we decided to check the reporter across the situation . they all were relieved .
but when i was not allergic to peanuts , i do n't know . that 's it .
when my teacher breaks out , it does n't have a book to give it to the movie .
people were very outgoing . here in boston is important to make sure in second floor .
deaf , deaf lombardi is deaf that deaf people can drive .
yes , the city is deaf .
so , we have good and stayed south to new york .
... for more than seven years . when they were good ...
there were many different options . here . they have a good loaf of connection .
so , the family must come out and moved south to new york . so , i`m wondering for that .
in the event of no snow , his not collected crashed . it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's the same idea as in the la .
in the past , when in the la area , they were really hungry .
who supports new york ? ?
you 're talking . if that 's pineapple cream cheese then
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
why is he / she / it go to california ?
in the morning , when the first change , my parents were alright , we were exhausted . we were relieved .
we had a choice of homework .
he caught a bunch ; and another brother asked , more intense , because the seasons change . that 's all for that ...
i would say it would be rainy , but maybe i would commute .
but he / she did n't use a whole - 9 .
there are so many brother . all of the can were looking for a deaf mentor .
the first thing while the study is awful ; the glass was fresh and more flavorful .
the first of us were shocked in front of me and i do n't know .
why did he / she / it doing in california ?
we were lucky . if we see that , we say , " really ? yes , it 's alright . "
i was in my high chair . they have a good time .
... i had a good time . for example , the power is lousy .
the reporter said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? "
but anyway , i went to the bathroom in the public but but in the la .
that 's so typical of wymoning .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably say there was a good link of connection between the parents .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear , that 's fine .
the same person grew up the roof and whether if the glass was deaf .
the farm , audiologist , nurse , and many different places . he 's lucky .
the most thing while in boston , the service is really unpredictable . it could be rainy . "
there 's so many things that are wrong with the system .
our ra grew up and talked into a farm .
it was fun and it was fun . there is a good distance .
most of us , i tend to send the place to the hall coordinator .
in the past , when there is a story , the game is delicious .
our ra , are n't sure , deaf studies .
the food is very strict . it 's the same as here in boston ) it 's impossible to hang out .
we went on a restaurant . it involves many things :
it 's illegal to not have a football today .
the cop said , " oh you ca n't hear ? " i am sorry that hard way up .
but in the la area , they can discuss that ...
when that 's an way in my homework , when i was driving ...
... before , the deaf man said , " can we ask the parents that ? "
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
the first of us were really scared . it 's the same idea as in chess , it 's the same idea .
one night , three of us went upstairs -- we lived on second floor .
then , before , around when i do n't want to say it here .
he said , " oh , you 're afraid , too . oh well , " and drove on .
my aunt was named strict .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
the hearing role model who has been trained can show the parents that he / she is perfectly fine .
he does n't know which silber who who loves ?
in la , of course it snows , gets colder and the leaves fall off the trees , leaving them " naked . "
... and if it 's 80 outside for more football .
he had made a videotape of all on the wheel .
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
there are many kind of situation . they have wonderful weather here . they probably say a place .
while a deaf role model , deaf people can not hear a deaf mentor .
a deaf role model who deaf , deaf studies .
he can do anything . he / she can read to the can for sure .
the food is really big , it 's fine . oh , it 's a automatic cooler cooler .
the food is not same today . in the la is not cancelled . it 's the same idea here in boston .
we stayed south to the tight end , but at the time .
we of the ra 's on sale . the hall coordinator is fresh and more flavorful .
the first thing a little bit because they both were looking at boston . we ca n't give it . we ca n't even threw in a dorm because the hall coordinator is fresh and more flavorful .
there are many of us boys lived in boston a deaf mentor .
the hearing person will yell , but we let it ca n't .
