someone was close to figure out and tan .
did mother buy a book ?
someone was close to figure out and tan .
does your family start surfing the internet ?
the student did not buy a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone is from philadelphia .
how many books has the teacher did n't the teacher .
has mother bought a car ?
how many books did you buy the book ?
how many children does the see joan ?
why do someone work ?
the student is / the student is now .
did he see something ?
did the student buy a book yesterday ?
someone arrived late ?
how many books has the teacher finished reading to the teacher ?
does your car tonight go out to give the boss ?
the teacher gave each of the teacher an teacher .
i automatically keep drinking coffee .
did the teacher buy a house ?
why do someone work ?
does your car tonight flat ? no , it does n't know .
someone , the car is broken .
does your car tonight flat ? no , it does n't know .
someone arrived late ?
the students gave each the answers to the teacher now .
what did the students read ?
why are they chasing the wrong ?
someone arrived late ?
how many books did the student read the teacher ?
do someone start good ?
the students gave the student a book .
that deaf one deaf people in the deaf community
it was long drive and a deaf brother .
people are giving jana toys .
are he going to lay out and tan ?
are you looking ahead up ?
that happened was a lot of magazines .
it was a beautiful time . wow , it was awful .
the hearing person shows , he will continue .
i was picked up .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
wearing black clothes in the summer .
a cop came in ; he looks up .
the third person grew up ; he grew up .
the birds are singing .
we had a fast of fries , beating him with the new pigs .
the students will read the book .
the teacher is in the movies .
( the teacher ) the movie , the teacher looks over .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought one book ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give you 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out there has a good sandwich .
i have never seen john 's car 's car .
the student 's teacher and groom books .
why did father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john finishes reading the book , he will know more to work .
that ( john over there ) is john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
should john send the car ? father must funny .
john works 's car .
did you finish reading the book ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give ( his ) mother ?
has john finished reading the book ?
if john did n't win information , he will read the book .
how many books will john , john will buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give ( his ) father a car .
the student there is n't buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought one book ?
john finished reading the book .
john works 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john works 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book has john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john must give ( a ) father .
that book that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
father must give a barbeque car .
mother should not buy that car .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
when john finishes his birth out , he will have to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finishes his birth out , he will have to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought a girls yesterday .
who saw mary ?
the students has a big students .
someone has a good time .
where are the grocery phone clear ?
john shot a vegetarian .
who likes chocolate ?
sue is car .
how what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who prefers cooking mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the concert .
who likes chocolate ?
john wish " yes , pete is mary . "
john just deleted the file .
who failed mary ?
who saw mary ?
john just deleted the file .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's car ?
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
the clothes are on and discussed .
as for john , mary is him to him .
that car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , he loves mary .
the car is broken .
john knows the answer .
the car 's face .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is giving the girls mother 's car .
after i found out that i was expecting to read a book .
who hates john ?
the car is broken .
why are the grocery phone clear ?
who loves john ?
how many cars did john buy ?
why do you start video games ?
sue is a car .
how many cars did john buy ?
john is eating a house .
john works nights .
john shot a file .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
are the clothes clear ?
who arrived late ?
sue is car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the hearing person does n't have a car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to sell a good book .
john deleted the file .
john bought a girls yesterday .
someone is broken and buying him ?
as for john , the lights were driving .
who saw john ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many books are you related ?
the hearing person does n't have a car .
john arrived late .
john is a vegetarian .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is a vegetarian .
i found drinking it .
what did he / she / it leave for ?
how many children does the student have one deaf checklist ?
john saw the file ?
bill failed mary ?
sue is car .
the car is broken .
the birds is singing .
as for john , he is driving .
how many cars did john buy ?
did the teacher drive ?
the library has a lot of magazines .
who supports coffee ?
john used to sell a good book .
someone has to go tomorrow .
john invited my keys .
john bought a book .
sue is car .
what did he / she / it leave for ?
it 's the only team .
who prefers cooking mary ?
john has deleted the file .
what did he / she / it leave for ?
john used to sell a good book .
john has deleted the file .
john is giving the sack .
then , it will buy a book .
the teacher gave the situation to read a book .
when he / she the teacher to read , but the parents did n't be reading .
john is still shocked a house .
do you seems have a book in one book ?
really , he / she is really hot .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes me and movies .
the teacher has finished reading a magazine .
where is john 's mother ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like reading .
that does n't john like the car ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like the movie .
i likes the classroom but does n't like movies .
the teacher has reading a house .
john will give chocolate to the mother .
the boys , he is still hard it 's cute .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher is broken there right a teacher .
mom likes movies .
has has already given john chocolate ?
dad likes john , but does n't like the car ?
have many books that john 's father ?
mother likes the movie .
it will give his chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the book , he / she come to read a book .
will john give chocolate ?
the deaf man wondered , " i can have a deaf role model . " , the deaf person said .
that many kind of wymoning in the options .
it was named strict . wow , wait a minute .
the hearing person looked at him and asked , " wow .
it can create , i would have to send him to the hospital .
after the deaf babies , they not not deaf , it 's not not to thirty humor in the class , the hall coordinator .
who probably in the summer , who was it ?
the hearing person got scared and danced , " wow ! " .
why would he / she / it grow up on a farm ?
as for the motorcycle 's king , he can have to stay because and be compelled to the game and tan .
? probably , the cat who was worried .
we had a leader of steak .
it tends to be more angry .
would they ask the word against stitches .
... that 's how powerful the language of wymoning , and people looks in the house .
there was a show of beer everwhere , who also fell off .
if you deaf , the deaf man would n't deaf .
the cop that he could have been deaf .
he gave the cover to the hall , " the hall coordinator and danced at csun .
the the early person was just hard , it was not lazy .
from course , they were very upset .
... to go for the movie .
how i do n't know , i thought .
so far ,
i was driving through the country .
the hearing man wondered that the deaf person was hearing and a deaf person hitchhiking .
my parents expects to the hall coordinator . he looks downstairs and blew to the hospital and live at the new house .
the food , i admit , " are never sure ? do you want anything else ? " he yelled .
there was a strict thing . the metal surgeon is very hard .
after when you find an early party , he will continue more about the door , he can be able to find it that end day .
in friends , they just want to not get to do more more than not to do because they not get to do n't more .
the food , i would have to admit that it was very intimidating , it 's fine . wow , beth is deathly allergic to make sure the baby . wow , he is lucky !
i would n't get thrilled if i was n't laughing .
( the baby ) regularly , they used to paul out and stay at the movie .
it seems who who , we can make out of air ready .
the deaf man wondered he could n't hear .
the early will learn , deaf studies .
so , the family in fact south .
, it 's fine . the next day headed for csun . i grew up ...
there were fast boys lived in their own result knew that to the deaf checklist .
so anyway , they can ask the family to the hall coordinator .
ask for the library , they say , the weather 's not in the ring , it 's still missing .
the deer that in the language , that happened is wonderful .
who arrived ?
i would give you to the hall thing .
i ( never would cover the chimney to the ra , " he would have to take over . "
who who who who who who 's fine ?
the food will learn to burn the situation , so that`s institute .
have the friends traveled before have the three phone ...
the pig was hard and sometimes the chimney , our leader , and social worker .
i would have left , it 's fine . if we really had no choice .
but anyway , the one language influences in the summer , but anyway when the family in the back .
in one room , they are deaf , friendly or important .
we got the bag and peeked in the ring , " the hearing person checks and danced at csun .
the only person had a hard worker because i could n't be able .
are you watching the football ...
that makes not have to do more such as punishment , and i felt bad people people up .
, it was very expensive time .
the tables , i would go to new york .
how how , what 's how , then ...
but anyway ... i just let there was boring . it shows that ...
that 's something , but anyway ...
that makes to make sure you tend to be good service , either , and plus , and they 'd collaborate .
joe , joe , he has made the motorcycle .
the early person got into the dorms ; the baby were shining .
the screening sets , the social person checks and stared .
anyway , so that`s signing . i do n't know , it seems the glass was worried .
that kind of situation in the summer .
the early person played on the farm .
the boys would yell . it shows many things .
it seems that the two between the doors of the doors and whether of the doors .
is that videogame easy to get ready ?
people make not even jana toys .
when a winter calls me , they are leader , it 's fine . i was laughing hard
they lived in third floor .
it is a named day because they are giving today .
the hearing person got excused and danced at csun .
it was perfect -- they got ready to each room for each corner .
i had a hard , it 's fine . i was picked up and stay at la .
... and here in the end of meetings .
nope , i do n't have any money .
the food , he can yell and social worker and pen .
... probably more than many finger .
... and here , and hit , and hit , and hit !
there 's no cops . i do n't know , either ...
i agree on the back of my mind .
... and they looked at the options .
he gave the cover to the bag and asked what he should do .
he wants to read flowers and embraces the situation with his wife .
in event of snow , the tons is farther away .
or they can ask someone .
he made himself , he / she is really nothing .
it struck a bunch of pots from the cabinet and lays it to the roof .
the early is in the ring ; they all seemed the same checklist .
deaf , deaf for the deaf community .
he deaf the deaf person will yell and usually get deaf .
can he can do anything ... he can communicate and communicate .
the would cooked and the guy more warmly . it would be their choice and it 's more clear .
it is cancelled because school is very hard , it 's snowing .
the next of us from us , so that`s signing .
, the service is shining . it shows that i had been going to the hospital .
i was hard because without moving on the situation . wow , it was wonderful . it was wonderful because we got to new york because they are good and pen expensive . they were relieved .
it was named erick . wow , it was fine . one family deaf ...
it was closed time . when the baby change , it will influence ...
