someone does n't know the answer .
did mother buy a book ? no , she did not .
someone does n't know the answer .
why is your job of the party ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does someone go ?
um , the teacher made the students a book .
did the student buy a car ?
the student 's teacher , the student did n't read .
did you see something ?
who failed the exam ?
how many cars did the student read ?
did you see something ?
did the teacher buy a book yesterday ?
who does someone start travelling ?
has the teacher been good and buying the book ?
does your car start a flat ?
the teacher exchanged the classroom .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
did the teacher buy a house already ?
when do someone start to travel ?
does your car start a flat ?
does your car start ?
does your car start a flat ?
who does someone start travelling ?
the students there is a movie now .
what did the students read a book ?
it 's important to go out and speed up .
who does someone start travelling ?
the students will listen to the teacher because the teacher is in charge .
does someone start work ?
the students contributed books to the teacher to the teacher .
the deaf man has been deaf what could do .
she gave a deaf mentor from the deaf mentor .
people are giving people had become president .
what is the same babies sport ?
do you want to go out to eat ?
it was perfect all day and we had a good time .
he tended to put a lot of effort rowing .
the hearing person did n't break down .
it had a good time .
he keeps off the lid .
the clothes goes on the farm .
there is a lound banging on the table .
the driver of the reporter 's tended , where are it ?
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
we went on a restaurant .
the student will read a book .
the teacher is at the movies .
the hearing person gave the baby that the movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student read yesterday ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give ( it ) ) .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out the book , he will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student walked reading and clean the book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father there john 's car .
the student will buy a house to buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john has been seen the car 's car .
that book has john 's car .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give his car ?
john has finish reading the book .
if john reads the book , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father bought a house but there is a lound house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read yesterday ?
john has not finished reading the book .
john has been seen the car 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john has been seen the car 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there is broken .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
father must give a car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not have a house .
when john finds out the leaves , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out the leaves , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
who did john see mary ?
the student has been old .
which college did someone go to ?
the air arrived home .
john looked and got mary .
who does he like chocolate ?
sue is car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
what did john buy yesterday ?
wow , i 'm sure .
who loves john ?
john should go to the concert .
who does he like chocolate ?
john looked and got mary .
john just bought a file .
who knows french mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john just bought a file .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
whose car is that ?
is that car there ?
john knows the answer .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary blames him .
that car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john really loves mary .
the car was broken .
john knows the answer .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is a king .
i volunteer to help and a book .
who supports mary ?
the car was broken .
who failed the exam ?
who loves john ?
john went to the hospital .
who failed the exam ?
sue is a car .
john went to the hospital .
john is a house . the girl looked out .
john broke the window .
john is eating .
who did john see who ?
who arrived late ?
was the old phone start ?
who arrived late ?
sue is car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read the book .
the hearing person said , " are you sure ?
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play a plaid books .
john deleted his keys .
john did n't buy the turkey .
is someone a king ?
john give his keys everyday .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is giving boxes .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
which college are you going to the store ?
the hearing person did n't break down .
john arrived nights .
john is giving the book everyday .
john read the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl a house .
i volunteer to play football .
what did he / she / it leave up ?
people is giving jana toys .
john has visited mary .
who told bill ?
sue is car .
the car was broken .
the waitress is really scary .
john is funny , he 's the hitchhiking .
john went to the hospital .
, my friend likes corn .
he / she reading a book .
who failed the exam ?
john used to play a plaid books .
someone snows tomorrow .
who 's mother to care mother ?
john bought a book .
sue is car .
what did he / she / it leave up ?
is the video phone clear ?
wow , i 'm sure .
john has a big sandwich .
what did he / she / it leave up ?
john used to play a plaid books .
john has two mice .
john used to play pinball in the situation .
then he will buy a book .
the teacher wants to read and read .
after you going to read the book to read the book later ?
john is still reading a book .
my parents makes a book to buy a book .
wearing black clothes in the hospitals will make you read .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes to read and the movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
that chocolate , is john 's mother 's car .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother give john chocolate to john .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate cereal , like me .
no , john do n't like the car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes pineapple cream cheese , but does n't like movies .
the teacher finishes the house .
john will not give his mother chocolate .
the students go ahead and read a book .
the student do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher gave the car a car .
mother likes the movie .
have john already given john chocolate yesterday ?
dad likes john , but does n't like a car ?
john , john , gave it to john .
mother likes the book .
john will give ( his ) father chocolate .
the teacher finished reading the book so he is going to read .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf man wondered whether deaf people can not hear .
he / she talks something .
wow , it was a big difference socially .
the hearing person looked at him and said , " so he is lucky ! " .
i could n't have out if if he have an emergency at the test ,
after , the family will have a deaf role model , they usually signing and stayed out of trouble .
who loves the group of the city area , who was delicious ?
the hearing person wondered , he looks downstairs and speed to the wood house .
why ... that i had been use a dorm , you know , he don`t who is broken .

who does n't have a video phone ?
we had a leader of steak .
we would find out for the again .
oh not know , at 8 or 9 .
to make sure that 's child , in the language of wymoning .
, like the end of the semester , who 's really ?
it is deaf , the parents will learn deaf .
she , the hearing person will yell and he knew that he had been deaf .
the hearing man who does n't want to see it here .
it was perfect -- the two person had n't broken at the time .
from france on , the family who was whipping up .
for example , they used to worry .
" i do n't know where to go .
so , we can have lived to new york .
i was driving through the country .
the hearing person wondered whether he is deaf . the deaf person stopped deaf .
the family looked at me and said , " so what is that ? " they looked around humor again .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
it was the same thing for siberian tigers -- later they would work at the post office .
he would read a specialist , he explained the door , he handle and locked the door , but you seem not hot .
people look than many of us .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , he got in the ring . wow , you know , the one who checks up . he is n't more .
not not not studying . i could n't find the right key .
the sun is very dry , it 's fine . when he is going to the movie .
people were very outgoing . which night we make sure your motorcycles were ready with more clear .
the deaf person gestured he was deaf . the deaf person said he could n't be caught .
when the student has deaf and a deaf person .
so , we have been good .
for example , it stops your turn .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
so , the family must have to the new job .
is when it 's not raining outside on a movie , it 's not a bit game .
the sun went down in the area , but at the time .
who arrived ?
will you be hearing professionals , that 's fine .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
who failed my keys ?
in la , the job tends to be " flat"--75 , we used to be good and a half years , more landscaping .
we have a good time .
the person was trying to come in the distance ; the hall coordinator is more creepy .
hey , i ca n't believe it 's the end of the semester and punched him to wait .
but , the family was really unpredictable .
there are many things for the deaf mentor .
we often would cause problems for the early intervention professionals . oh , the ra had a shining worker .
the baby is very very angry . i have to admit that mexican food in the time .
did you think the video phone ?
there are many animals system in the situation . can you do that ?
the third policy was ( the whole accident .
the third pigs grew up and we had a hard .
the reporter went off and went to the hospital .
but in the la area ,
what did you buy a word like stitches ?
in la , the family must learn to do more such as punishment .
he / she would n't the baseball person game , he 's short . he 's coming now . "
we will be problems for the early intervention professionals , and the same person checks up .
the baby would yell the truck , the truck is definitely broken .
so i know , there are two emergency to do , " i am sorry , " he said .
... and that all night the offensive options .
it is ironic because they used a little bit .
it is ironic because we used to surf it soon .
to make sure it 's near the end of the semester and it 's impossible to hang out .
it is ironic -- they used to catch down .
people are n't sure . no , we both fell with not a bit .
so , overall , i 'm very upset . the next pigs is shining and more flavorful .
... la would flood for sure . we did nt really really care .
now france 's king is bald and buying a few homework .
the screening would yell and embraces the situation , he flew up the door .
so , the family went to the bathroom in the public for the roof .
i just right a hard , it 's fine and plain for fine .
... and the deaf man asked whether deaf people can not hear .
wow , i did n't not homework .
the boss would go to the joint .
one night , three of us went upstairs -- we lived on second floor .
... and another guy , with the shaking , and i mingling .
... he , i do n't know , it still with work .
my aunt was named any pie .
we gave the bag to the hall coordinator .
the hearing person wondered what he should do . he can do anything for a long mentor ,
who does n't know who to do anything ?
there are a fast of australia .
or they can ask the way ?
he takes down the motorcycle . he did n't feel though .
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
there are the same thing . he is crazy for the same time .
the deaf man wondered whether deaf people do n't want to make sure it is a deaf .
the deaf man who whether and the deaf mentor from utah resulted at him .
he can do anything for the motorcycle , he can like the deaf person .
the boss would include a specialist , audiologist , counselor , i am fine .
it is perfect because school is a beautiful day .
children , at least , every pounds to move away .
we will cause problems for the early intervention professionals ,
we hoped every year because i ca n't wanted to the ra because the hall coordinator is very expensive .
the parents lived there in a deaf mentor . really , it was a deaf brother .
the screening was in florida , the social worker . he slowly downstairs .
