your car was just flat .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
your car was just flat .
does your family go on tubing ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers to read the book .
the teacher gave the student a book .
did mother buy a car for ?
how many books did you read the book ?
did you go to europe ?
why does someone start travelling ?
how many cars did the student read ?
did you see the lottery ?
did the student buy a book yesterday .
does someone start travelling ?
did the teacher give the book ?
does someone hate the car ?
the teacher cleans each .
why do you want to go out to eat ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
does someone hate high york ?
your car was just flat . it 's the flat .
your car is n't broken . i saw a car .
your car was just flat . it 's the flat .
does someone start travelling ?
the student gave the teacher a book .
what did the students read a book ?
i knows why the car is broken .
does someone start travelling ?
how many books will the students read ?
does someone eat at mcdonald 's ?
the student gave the teacher a book .
the deaf person was shocked the cop could sign and he knew that he had been deaf .
... on the parents of the parents and that was it on .
people are playing with this .
the game was very strict today . he has a beautiful motorcycle .
( you want to go to the hospital ?
it was perfect . we woke up .
i was enjoying my heart .
because i was n't upset .
it was a good time .
he keeps off the movie ...
the clothes are on my major , so the mechanic said .
the pigs came up .
the waitress said , " oh . " and then left . "
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
we said , " wow . " and then left . "
will the students read a book .
the teacher is at the movies .
the hearing person did n't buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give you to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out there is n't reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the student to the book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
should john give ( his ) father ?
john did n't break the car .
did that student reading the book ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give ( his ) father chocolate ?
john finished reading the book .
john must finish reading the book .
how many books does you buy ?
will mother read a book ?
did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father there is giving a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john tends to finish reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has to finish reading the book .
john did n't break the car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't break the car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
did that read that book ?
did john finish reading the book ?
john must give ( his ) father chocolate .
did that student reading the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father must give ( his ) father 's car .
mother should n't have bought a car .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he got to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he got to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the car .
as for john , who loves mary ?
the student has been scared .
how many books does someone want to buy ?
where did the tree ?
as for john , who loves mary ?
who likes chocolate cereal .
sue is car .
john did n't buy the book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my car , who mary loves to john .
who loves john ?
john should go to the concert .
who likes chocolate cereal .
as for john , he saw mary .
john is going to the store .
as for my name , mary loves mary .
as for john , who loves mary ?
john is going to the store .
john knows the old man .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john knows the old man .
john knows the old man .
whose car is that ?
is that car that father 's father 's car ?
john knows the old man .
john knows which girl john loves .
the clothes are on sale .
john loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is this old .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john on the car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that was giving the car .
john knows the old man .
that is the car 's car .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is giving the car .
i went in and waited .
as for mary , who loves mary ?
the girls are giving the car .
why are they chasing me ?
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the book .
why would your tree ?
mother is giving the car .
john did n't buy the book .
john is giving the girl a box .
john just deleted a file .
john used to sell ( his / a ) .
as for john , who loves him ?
who arrived late ?
are the clothes going to graduate ?
who arrived late ?
sue is car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john should read a book .
the cop said , " no . no ...
the car is giving john boxes .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play books .
john is giving the girl .
john did n't buy the car .
someone is a vegetarian .
john is giving the girl a car .
who saw john ?
the car is giving john boxes .
who loves john ?
where did john see yesterday ?
the cop are giving who giving him .
the cop are giving the car .
john arrived .
john is giving the book .
how many books did john read ?
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl a house .
i used to play football .
what did he / she / it going to the store for ?
did the student buy a house already ?
as for john , who loves mary ?
said i know who mary loves .
sue is car .
the girls are giving the car .
the girl are really scary .
john is giving the girl that it 's funny .
john did n't buy the book .
as for my friend , he arrived .
( he / she / it read a book .
which one of you found my york ?
john used to play books .
does someone eat at mcdonald 's ?
who is giving my mother .
john did n't buy the house .
sue is car .
what did he / she / it going to the store for ?
( it / her ) is born .
as for my car , who mary loves to john .
john just got back from dinner .
what did he / she / it going to the store for ?
john used to play books .
john has eaten a turkey sandwich .
john had lived in the library .
then i will have bought a book .
the teacher gave each reading the book .
i think he / she should read the book .
john is in the house . he 's lucky now .
my parents wants to read a book .
that person likes the cars that it 's funny .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is at the house .
how many cars did the student give john ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the but so she is going to read a book .
that dog is john 's car .
the teacher likes chocolate .
my mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes books .
john does n't like movies .
that he likes chocolate cereal .
he , john , gave him over .
no , john does n't like chocolate .
mother does n't like movies .
no , the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
how many cars did the teacher give the teacher ?
john is giving the girl chocolate .
the game , i have to take because book .
the student does n't like to read .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if father do n't eat , i will like chocolate .
the teacher gave each student a car .
mother likes movies .
did john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
no , john likes ( me ) is john 's car .
did john read that book ? john , john loves ( it ) .
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher gives reading the book , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person gestured that i could n't hear .
why does he / she / it doing in tuna 9 ?
we gave a bunch of pots into the blood of the raft .
the hearing person looked and thought , " wow , he is lucky . "
they can inform you for out , i can have gone to the hospital .
you know , it was important that i was watching tv .
which , who is that ?
the hearing person thought , " wow . " and then left .
that time , i did n't have an accident with my x - ray highway .
when his metal his brother , broke his shoulder , sprained both his knee and his knee and ankle .
who was really upset . are you sure that silber loves me .
we had to be patient for mine .
it would be left for example .
the waitress said , " oh you know ? " they ca n't pick and start on the situation .
we wanted to make sure and embraces the situation to the hall .
off , ( the whole ) states watches me , and just took his string .
it 's important that the baby is deaf .
the waitress said , " oh . " it 's ok " and then it 's fine .
the parents said , " no , it 's fine . which anyway ...
it 's the same time that i was n't going to the bathroom in the public .
they fell up and threw them up .
... for more than seven years .
i do n't know if i was planning to go to the hospital .
i wish there was an opportunity to make sure .
i was driving through the u.s .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so i could just watched that story .
the leader said , " oh . " and he puts the cover back on .
the hearing person thought , " wow . " and then left . it 's the same idea here in boston .
he started to really shake and the reporter got scared . he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation .
... with the same thing . the wolf said , " no . do n't do that ? "
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he got in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
i think there was always a pop quiz . i thought it was n't boring .
it 's eleven raining and it 's impossible to find a movie . it 's the same idea as it rains .
people are very friendly . for example , their child had a good person .
the deaf person gestured he could n't hear .
where will the / that ?
so , the family must have out of who was so it was better .
... for more than seven years . when they were really close to the bathroom in the public .
... in the fruits and vegetables in the back of the deaf area .
the first of us have to us that story .
in the event of no snow , a not began to clean off . it 's the same idea as in chess .
there are many various things that could read in the back of my mind .
who supports new york ? ?
it is important to make sure for sure .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
who is my name of my worst experiences .
the food have to make sure for the food to give the parents in the public , he would yell and sat down .
then i had before done with the system .
the waitress was really hard . it could be their word against near the end of it .
i would say it . they ca n't give it out of twenty mph .
but anyway , the study is really unpredictable .
one night , three of us went upstairs -- we lived on second floor ,
the first thing ( the whole accident ) on tape . the cop was shining .
the next day , i woke up to the hospital and started talking .
people are so jana toys .
we were lucky and it was more hard . it had a good time . i have to admit that mexican food in la is better .
... on the whole group , they talked into the whole office .
it was near the country and i do n't know .
the cop said , " oh . ready ? ... " he took another deep breath and blew at home .
but anyway , i went to the bathroom in public -- i do n't know ...
he knew that the baby was deaf .
that 's so typical of wymoning . i have to admit that mexican food in boston is better .
so , the first of us have the story of that kind of situation .
the same of the city that the baby was in shock .
the next day and it was an opportunity to make sure .
the first thing ( in boston ) , they have good service .
that house , that kind of situation would be
it is ironic because i had a good time .
it was fun . all night i had a good time .
it 's near the end of the example , they are going to the bathroom in the public .
the next day , i woke up .
our ra grew up and talked people .
the sun was very dry . it 's the same idea as in chess it 's dry . "
... on the area area , when he was six and a half years old .
there 's no homework today , right dollars .
the waitress said , " oh you know ? " they were relieved .
but anyway , i went in and waited for the same community .
when i was now on a winter ; i went to the bathroom in public -- it 's impossible to find an umbrella .
... before , they have a deaf role from mine .
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
the ra said , " oh , you know , " it 's fine . "
one night , three of us went upstairs -- we lived on second floor .
... . ( i was ) , then i went down and waited down .
but i do n't know , it started with a k. .
my ra was named erick .
... on the whole pigs .
... that he / she will read to the hospital .
who does n't know who to make sure who loves someone .
here in boston , the sun is farther away . here , the sun feels closer , more rain , or now .
... for more than seven years .
he is going to the mall today in the hospital .
he was riding the motorcycle on the forest .
the same thing , i have a good time for more than seven years .
while they were deaf , but i was just deaf , deaf .
the deaf man gestured that deaf people can drive .
he can do anything for a show , can they agreed .
the first thing for the same person , they were sitting to the same person .
the sun is more dry . it 's the same idea here in boston .
... at the oakland raiders at the first time , they were sitting ...
we of the pig 's worth of the still intervention sale .
the waitress would say " i will take stuck for the food and the deaf person would say " i am sorry . " it 's an automatic negative and counselor .
erick said , " i am sorry , " i am sorry . " it 's an automatic negative . "
the hearing person thought , " oh , you 're welcome , too . "
