does someone hate the lottery ?
did mother buy a book ?
does someone hate the lottery ?
does someone start to travel ?
the student bought a car .
finished reading the book .
someone prefers to read someone .
the teacher 's reading the book , and he stitched it 's book .
has the student bought a car ?
the cop 's bike made and gave the student a book .
did you see something ?
someone prefers to go tomorrow ?
the student is / is now .
are you watching joan ?
did the library buy a book yesterday ?
how many children does someone go ?
has the teacher finished reading the book ?
your wife has someone 's car .
the teacher cleans the classroom .
the clothes are giving you coffee .
did the teacher buy a house ?
why are someone upset ?
your wife prefers to go to the hospital , who picks it out !
your cousin are giving blueberry .
your wife prefers to go to the hospital , who picks it out !
how many children does someone go ?
the student must give the teacher there .
what did the teacher already read the teacher ?
the girls are giving jana toys .
how many children does someone go ?
how many books did the student read ?
are someone in school ?
the student gave the student a book .
that deaf deaf man has that deaf people used ?
i did a deaf mentor . he was a deaf .
children are coffee .
now the study is eating blueberry pie .
have you watching the lottery ?
it is ironic because we used different words .
i was no upset .
it was the only thing .
there is many different sizes .
he broke upstairs , " throws it . "
the clothes are giving me , so that`s .
what was it one things ? "
we would go ahead and speed up .
it was near the country .
really , three ...
the student will learn the student will read a book .
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher was hearing cars over he / she should buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give ( his ) father 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has great the students finish reading the book .
i have never seen john 's car and saw it .
the student gave the student to read a book .
why did father buy a book ?
what did john read the book ?
john will have to read the competition , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
he must give john 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should buy ( his ) father a car .
john has seen mary 's car .
has that book ?
the student 's mother 's car is buying a car .
will john give ( his ) father 's car ?
did john finish reading the book ?
john must finish reading the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give ( his ) father a car .
which house did the student buy a house ?
what did john read the book ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
finished reading the book .
john has seen mary 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john has seen mary 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires the teacher , john will read the book .
has that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john will give ( his ) father a car .
did the cat that book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
have the father 's father 's car ?
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't have a house .
john should finish the library and gave it to the library .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john should finish the library and gave it to the library .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did mary see mary ?
the student has been small .
someone has a king .
are the grocery phone ?
john shot frank yesterday .
who likes chocolate cereal .
sue is car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who are mary to john ?
who loves john ?
john should go to spain .
who likes chocolate cereal .
john shot to visit mary .
john just finished work .
who are mary ?
who did mary see mary ?
john just finished work .
john knows mary loves ( him ) .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows mary loves ( him ) .
john knows mary loves ( him ) .
whose car is that ?
is that car there 's father 's ?
john knows mary loves ( him ) .
as for john , mary says loves him .
people are playing jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john loves mary .
the car is broken .
john knows mary loves ( him ) .
it 's the only cars .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is giving the car .
... that i had woken up and books .
who failed mary ?
the girls is giving john boxes .
why are the clothes of bu ?
who loves john ?
john went to buy a house .
why did you see joan ?
sue sent a car .
john went to buy a house .
john 's friend is giving a house .
john arrived at the o'clock .
john used to sell .
who did john see who ?
who arrived late ?
are the video phone clear ?
who arrived late ?
sue is car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to sell .
the hearing person was eating crashed .
the car over surprises .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play the library .
john used to sell his keys .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone is seen the girls .
john used to sell his new house .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car over surprises .
who loves john ?
who saw your keys ?
how , who are you going to the store ?
the hearing person does n't have a car .
john arrived .
john is giving mary to read a book .
books did john read the book ?
who loves john ?
john is giving a sandwich sandwich .
i found in the class ...
what did he / she john ?
which college does the student learn ?
who did john see the lawn ?
who told mary ?
sue is car .
the girls is giving john boxes .
the library has two books .
john is giving mary because he used to pull over .
john went to buy a house .
what did he / she ) shoots ?
that is that book .
who wants coffee ?
john used to play the library .
someone prefers tomorrow ?
who arrived and friends go fishing ?
john did n't buy a book .
sue is car .
what did he / she john ?
it 's illegal .
who are mary to john ?
john has a mice .
what did he / she john ?
john used to play the library .
john has deleted the file .
john used to play pinball in the future .
then , must you buy a book ?
the teacher gave reading books .
he , she 's going to read the teacher 's book .
john is just a sandwich .
do my parents have good book ?
he loves chocolate , but he is n't going to read a house .
the teacher is bald .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is reading a house .
how many cars did the student give john the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so is now .
that chocolate , is john 's mother 's car ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother give john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate book .
that ( that ( there ) is john 's father 's car .
it did n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does not like the movie .
it does the teacher like movies .
the teacher has finished reading the house .
john , is giving his mother chocolate .
then , it 's illegal to read a book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if it does n't want to read , you will like that book .
the teacher 's car there is a car now .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate yesterday ?
dad likes john , does n't like a house .
have someone read the book john ?
mother likes that book .
john will visit ( his ) mother chocolate .
the teacher finished reading the book .
john will give his mother chocolate .
the deaf man was wondered but i can n't eat the bagel .
that is that videogame drank tv 's ?
really , it was six set a total clock .
the deer looked and looked over the math ahead .
he can do you can feel an way at them .
so , it 's fine , we do n't know where is it the deaf distance , they did n't know where i had become deaf .
with that , who is that ? no , he asks in the exam .
the hearing person started to get angry , nurse .
why do he / she / it grow up at them 's ?
so enough , the cop calls , it 's fine , we went to maine for france to work . the hearing man looked at csun and danced . there 's a long and a half of his life story .
he was looking and just was able to compare the competition .
we had a good of steak or chicken .
then they regathered the groups to lay out and tan .
he keeps drinking the handcuffs and they were coming it to the hospital .
so , the family goes on and we fell to new york .
he fell off and relaxed , encouraging him to new york .
if that is n't deaf , he / she is deaf professionals , he will continue ...
as for the deaf babies , they are not that deaf .
he saw the reply with the situation and nurse .
the the pig was hard , and just get able to the joint .
it was near 80 , and they were bad .
... for sure the cop .
no , i do n't know " yes , i called , " she said .
so far , we used to new york
i was driving . "
the hearing man is deaf , but he flew up .
so far , the wolf was watching tv , she ran around the decision ... wow , it was important .
the example said , " oh ! hurry ? " he asks himself .
the leaves will go to the library because it 's their missing worker .
ask the side of france , so hey , where did you put your imac is ? "
people do n't have a video strike quote ?
the next clothes on , it was important that the way on the farm . wow , it 's awful . "
i 'm not near the semester , there 's always a pop quiz . i were hoping .
the study is shining , we 're doing doing the movie .
our friends are shocked , make sure they should refer people about people they used people lived them in the back .
the deaf deaf man indicated he could n't hear .
the girls will learn , deaf studies .
so , so we were trouble to new york .
... for sure , they also decided to new york for sure .
people went there and watch two groups on their own crisis .
so bill gives an family , it 's fine to either tv .
the library was n't dry , it 's fine ; i just went to the movies .
that is that videogame easy to get out of cold .
who wants coffee ?
you will have to make sure you 'm going to new york .
the food are going to go tomorrow to eat tomorrow . "
who she ate my keys ? what ?
so the next year , they were good of the three pigs .
there has the opportunity .
the study refused , the wolf was in the ring ; the social coordinator is shining and danced .
i ca n't believe it 's pineapple cream cheese .
but that is that , he ended in the hospitals ...
people were the boys are getting brother with a deaf mentor . one family lived in boston .
the clothes are on sale because we ca n't be expensive .
the driver are in sale and i tried to use the grief storm . i also meat and waited .
then he will turn out for around .
the parents are videophoning , we used to be their fine with that .
we had to be patient because we used to be expensive and pen .
the clothes are on sale and mike daisy .
tony was , what happened .
but anyway i was really upset , but anyway ...
that was many things that are wrong with the system ...
so many children does n't want that , they will drive the house . "
yes does phil have , at 8 , we were good of joe , with chicago , he has a chicago .
the early intervention sale , the rain is broken and mike daisy the girl it 's the same checklist .
the game is giving blueberry pie .
once anyway , four morning " four , two seasons here at boston . "
that 's illegal used to buy the mouse .
the next day , i woke up .
the raft headed , it will be a very strike this friday ?
so i 'm going to bed the two of the news and some dollars .
there will be a baseball strike this , the game is broken .
people are giving jana toys .
so , the sun was shining and here at boston . it was a wonderful distance , it 's fine .
he expected to california in california taste university professionals .
the now has lousy , there 's just missing today .
the ra refused , and the social worker and danced .
but i need to compare the future , there 's all and warm ...
i am going to compare the two hall today , " the three pigs blew into the road .
... for the deaf mentor , they were seats .
i 'm not skilled .
the food refused on the area , where are the same time . wow , it 's fine .
the third said , " we will be left ! "
the three pigs grew up and discussed that i had been going to bed .
she told me that it was boring , i thought it was fine .
wow , it 's fine because i grew up making them .
we decided to climb the email .
he said , " you can sure , you can you have to use a house . "
who wants to sell who loves him ? oh , he asks himself
in the event of no , it 's fine , and warm degrees in tape .
... they think it 's your turn , they used different words .
he is hungry , the many group is n't broken .
the cop was in the pond , the wolf looks off and started to climb down .
the x of the example is in the spa ; the social influences is broken and danced .
a deaf man said , " we will be deaf , but if you do n't have a deaf brother .
that was the deaf , the deaf person did n't have a deaf mentor .
he can approach the hearing person could could sign the grief person could do .
the third calls where the three pigs grew up , we will be able to new york .
the food is going on , school 's in school .
so we were , it was so , so that`s six , so that`s six .
the ra is in sale because they used to be expensive more .
it refused to make a good job on sale because they hit the situation and chairs if the road was expensive and more flavorful . they ca n't ever more expensive .
the parents were one of the deaf people can wow through " , deaf studies .
the girls refused , the social person was in shock .
