your car is not broken .
did mother buy a book ?
your car is not broken .
does your family go ahead ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
has john finished reading the book ?
someone has many books .
um . the teacher has been reading a book .
did mother buy a car ?
how many books did you buy ?
how many things does i go to ?
why does you like ?
why did the student read ?
as for the mouse , the game ate him .
did mother buy a car ?
someone saw someone ?
has the teacher finished reading the book ?
the car has a big bite of it .
the teacher is each in the movie .
i do n't know where to go .
did the teacher buy a house already ?
who prefers dark meat ?
does someone hate the car ? no , it 's awful .
your car is that . i saw it .
does someone hate the car ? no , it 's awful .
someone saw someone ?
the student will learn to the teacher to the movies .
what did the student read ?
i knows someone , your car is broken .
someone saw someone ?
how many books should the students read ?
does someone like work ?
the students gave the teacher that book .
what does he / she / it want to go to the store for ?
... to make sure the deaf man turned to walk in the deaf community .
people were playing with new york .
the hearing man are giving where together .
do you want to go out to spain ?
the sun was shining .
i was n't sure which way to go .
he / she should n't go to the baseball game .
there was many different things .
it was the only thing .
the clothes are in my major , deaf studies .
there was a lound banging of us .
there was a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
the clothes are on sale .
there were tents set up all over .
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is at the movies right now .
the hearing person did n't buy the book .
why should father buy that book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finishes his reading the book , he will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student and said , " do n't do it read ? "
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
should john give ( his ) father a car ?
john did n't see the car .
has john finished reading the book ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give ( his ) father chocolate ?
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will you buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father there is a deaf house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has yet finished reading the book .
john did n't see the car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see the car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
has john finished reading the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john will give ( his ) father a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father 's father there is giving a car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not have to buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the car .
who do john see yesterday ?
the student arrived to the store .
someone has eaten books .
the old arrived .
as for john , who says him ?
who likes chocolate ?
sue is a car .
john did n't buy the car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my car , who loves mary .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , he says ( he / john ) loves mary .
john should go .
who know for mary ?
who do john see yesterday ?
john should go .
john knows the man 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the man 's car .
john knows the man 's car .
whose car is that ?
is that car there -- is a car ?
john knows the man 's car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
the classes are on sale .
mary does n't know the answer .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john thinks mary loves ( her ) .
the car is broken .
john knows the man 's car .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john on !
who arrived ?
someone is giving your car .
i found a teacher from the test .
who know who loves mary ?
the girls are giving car .
why are they going to graduate school ?
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the car .
why are they chasing your mcdonald ?
sue is giving a car .
john did n't buy the car .
john is giving the girl a house .
john 's favorite ( his / her ) .
john used to sell ( his / a ) .
whose hates john 's who loves him ?
who arrived late ?
was the clothes ' ?
who arrived late ?
sue is a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read the book .
the cop are giving the car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
when john finds out there is a book to read the book .
john broke the window .
john did n't buy the car .
someone is a car .
john is giving the girl a house .
who saw john ?
the girl is giving john boxes .
who loves john ?
where did john see yesterday ?
how many books did the cop buy ?
the hearing car did n't break down .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl in the book .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl in the situation .
i used to play football .
what did he / she / it go to the store for ?
did the student really passed to the store ?
as for john , who says him ?
who wants to visit mary ?
sue is a car .
the girls are giving car .
the weather are really scary .
john is giving the girl in the situation .
john did n't buy the car .
as for john , he says ( it ) .
did he / she / it read a book ?
who supports new york ?
when john finds out there is a book to read the book .
someone snows tomorrow .
who is going to mother surprise mother ?
john did go to the car .
sue is a car .
what did he / she / it go to the store for ?
it 's the only thing .
as for my car , who loves mary .
john has two mice .
what did he / she / it go to the store for ?
when john finds out there is a book to read the book .
john has two mice .
john used to be a football football .
then he will buy that book .
the teacher wants to read but he / she does n't like to read .
maybe he / she should read the book because he / she was going to read a book .
john is giving the house right now .
my parents were named and buying a book .
wearing black clothes in the car that later .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is at the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
that dog is chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate chocolate .
john likes cars and movies .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
he , john 's father there , does n't like a car .
why is n't john does chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
no , the teacher does n't like movies .
the teacher has been left .
john is giving chocolate .
the game , must go to the movie theater .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher 's car is broken .
mother likes the movie .
has john finished reading the book ?
dad likes john , but does n't like a car .
which book , john did n't buy the book .
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the book , he / she will read a book .
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
the deaf man said that i could n't hear it .
why does you want to go to the store ?
it was really inspiring . it was a lot of beer everwhere .
the hearing person looked at him and talked into the car .
they can be leader if i had to go to the hospital .
they have to admit that kind of situation .
? who was that ? the child is really broken at all .
the boat suddenly shot down ; the rapids were churning all around the road .
the person was in the ring , he / she is perfectly fine .
he fell at the motorcycle , separated his shoulder , sprained both his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
who was really riding with same others simple .
we had a good while for example .
it would be dry for example .
the waitress came up and talked into my ear .
we wanted to make sure and embraces the situation more calmly .
like , what 's your kind . what ? ?
the deaf person shows that he / she is perfectly fine .
the waitress are giving and it was a deaf distance .
he said , " make sure ? do you want anything ? " she said , " sure , do n't do it again "
it 's the same thing ; the glass had n't dry about it .
they were lapd , who fell up .
... for more than seven years .
i do n't even have one dollar !
i wish it was our fun .
i thought " what 's going on ? "
the hearing person gestured that the could was deaf , too , too , too .
i got the rope to the ra 's door handle and to the handle of the door across the hall .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun !
it was the same as any regular life -- later they would drive across the back of the car .
he got a bunch of us from the running from the cabinet and went ahead and moved south to new york .
there were many different things at before . what ...
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
i did n't even have one dollar .
the food is a little bit brownish because of too much sun . it 's the same idea as in chess , the teacher dropped out that book .
people know people together and everything together and threw them together and threw them together and threw them together .
he can do anything for a deaf mentor , he ran in the house .
the girls will giving the cop a deaf .
so , the family in fact move here , and said , " so it is better for that to commute .
... for more than seven years on tape , they 're not upset .
there were many different toys .
so , the family in fact move here , and they stayed up and stayed to the new house in the situation .
the group is n't really sharp . it could n't be their anymore . i do n't know .
there was many different sizes .
who supports new york ? ?
it will be hearing , but if it had a deaf phone .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
like my name is it ?
in the morning . however , as we were very upset , so i graduated from the door , the hall coordinator , and he left .
there has many different options .
the waitress was really slow . i had to admit that mexican food in boston is better .
i would have left it and could n't have the stitches , the hall coordinator .
but the metal corner made me the same person .
a hearing role model who were with the same community .
the first thing a bunch of us rose from the pond .
the next day , i woke up and took the opportunity to arrive .
people are so jana toys .
the donut tire only lasts for me . i have to admit that mexican food in boston is better .
... i know , it 's fine and many different things that later .
it was ironic because i got up and pen .
the reporter said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ?
but in la , would they do that ? no -- they do n't really care .
there was many different options .
it was probably from us anyway so we went . we picked them up and threw them in our own .
the researches started to get angry , audiologist , nurse , and social worker . he ca n't eat it .
the driver of the car and whether if the glass was broken at the time .
the leader would yell but the big person said he had some bad and pen .
the first thing only lasts for 50 miles so i really had to pull over soon .
there will be a baseball strike this clothes on .
it 's illegal to escape the big storm .
there will be a baseball strike this friday ? ? what ?
most of us , i grew up and stayed up the hotel .
the raft is very slow .
our leader , not hate the farm .
the donut tire only lasts for 50 miles so i just had to find a place to stay and have the car fixed the car .
four years ago at california state university northridge .
it 's illegal to escape a lot of mine .
the next pigs was me and mike daisy . it 's ironic that us two stayed up .
but in the morning area , they were really hungry .
i picked up a cigarette from my pants pocket . it had a lot of five from school .
... to make sure they should approach deaf people in right off .
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
the tables thing a bunch of us everwhere , and people mingling .
one night , three of us went upstairs to the bathroom in public or something .
then , the three pigs went off to the bathroom in the public , i woke up .
he started to wait the pots . i woke up .
my aunt is a little bit .
there were eight of us in the raft .
he / she did n't want anything ?
he sent a reply to the motorcycle with one simple professionals .
in la , of course it snows , gets colder and the leaves fall off the trees , leaving them " naked . "
... or anywhere someone would find someone . who 's the first idea .
when he / she / it go to the baseball game , the truck is definitely broken .
the tapper thrusts his hand into the victim 's body and pulls out the heart . he picks up the body and slings it onto the car .
the tables and chairs were all . the state change is fresh and more flavorful . it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's a thinking game
while a deaf role model in fast can not looking at him .
a deaf role model whether deaf people can not drive at him .
he can do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran up .
the first thing a bunch of us from the same person .
while they had dinner , a plastic surgeon is cancelled or more dry . it 's the same idea as in the time .
... at the next morning , since they change up , they were awake ...
we would cause problems for the early intervention , the hall coordinator .
the first thing a little bit brownish because of too much . we ca n't pick . i had to admit that mexican food in boston is better .
we were talking with it and fine .
the next pig was n't more dry . it would n't be their anymore .
