does your family go on to the car ?
did mother buy a book ?
does your family go on to the car ?
does your family go on to the store ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does someone have ?
did the teacher listen to the party ?
did mother buy a car yesterday ?
did the teacher listen to the test ?
do you look work ?
does someone start travelling ?
the student is at the movies .
did he see something ?
did the student buy a book yesterday ?
do your family go on vacation every year ?
did did the teacher clean the book ?
does your family go on to the party ?
the teacher cleans the classroom .
do you want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
are someone upset ?
does your family go on to the party ?
does your car like the road ?
does your family go on to the party ?
do your family go on vacation every year ?
the students gives the classroom to the teacher .
what 's the students 's students read ?
why does n't hate video games ?
do your family go on vacation every year ?
how many books did the students read ?
does your family go on vacation every year ?
the students gave the students a book .
the hearing person was shocked the cop could sign and he knew that he had been deaf .
the hearing person started to get nervous and kept looking at the deaf community .
was playing than us ?
ask the group group because the study is lousy .
do you want to travel ?
the clothes are on sale .
i was driving through the country .
the hearing person thought , " oh you ca n't be ? " .
there are many different things .
the hearing person thought , " i can copy and act .
the clothes are to come to the concert .
i was driving through the country .
i was in shock .
the clothes are on sale .
erick said , " really , i am going to sleep . "
will the students listen to the party ?
the teacher is in the house right now .
then he , the teacher will buy a book .
why did father buy the book ?
how many books did the students read ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give the car to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out the test , he will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car and saw it .
the student did n't make the reading required .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give mary to give a car .
the student will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't see the car .
did john read the book ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
john must be talking with reading the book .
how many books did john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father crashed a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the students read ?
john has already finished reading the book .
john did n't see the car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ?
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see the car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
did john read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john must give the car to mary .
did john read the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has visited books .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not buy a car .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
when john reads the window , he will panic and be compelled away .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john reads the window , he will panic and be compelled away .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
who do john see mary ?
the students are been scared .
did someone mow the lawn ?
is the water cold ?
as for john , who loves mary ?
who likes chocolate cereal ?
sue is a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my car , who mary loves .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate cereal ?
john was giving the sandwich .
john is going .
who are mary ?
who do john see mary ?
john is going .
john broke the car .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john broke the car .
john broke the car .
whose car is that ?
is that the only father on a car ?
john broke the car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
the clothes are on sale because they used to be expensive .
john thinks mary loves .
that the car is broken .
that dog is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john is giving mary .
that 's the cars going before .
john broke the car .
the car is broken .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is a car .
i went in a movie ...
who loves mary ?
the hearing man did n't care and got into the car .
are the clothes on sale ?
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
why does you hate video games ?
sue is a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
john is giving the house .
john just deleted a file .
john is eating .
who did he see ?
who arrived late ?
is the water cold ?
who arrived late ?
sue is a car .
john loves mary .
john is reading a book .
the hearing person did n't buy a car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is waiting by tomorrow .
john is giving the file .
john did n't buy the turkey .
someone is a big dog .
john is giving the girl .
who saw john ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
how many books does you know ?
the hearing person did n't buy the car .
john arrived .
john is giving the library .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john is a bit in shock .
i need to run a letter .
" what 's john ? " he asked , " do n't do it ? "
did the student really listen to the store ?
john loves who loves mary .
said , who loves mary .
sue is a car .
the hearing man did n't care and got into the car .
the study is really scary .
john is giving the girl in the future .
john did n't buy the turkey .
john do n't like john .
did he read that book ?
who prefers dark meat ?
john is waiting by tomorrow .
are someone hot ?
who hates john .
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue is a car .
" what 's john ? " he asked , " do n't do it ? "
is it hot ?
as for my car , who mary loves .
john is waiting by .
" what 's john ? " he asked , " do n't do it ? "
john is waiting by tomorrow .
john has two mice .
john is waiting by tomorrow .
then you will buy a book .
the teacher gave the reading required .
he / she did n't finish to read so the teacher was sorry .
john is a little bit .
my parents wanted to read a book .
yes , the baby is really broken .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and liked the movie .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
that dog is john 's car ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mom gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes many books .
john will not like the movie .
the students like chocolate cereal .
john does n't like the car everyday .
why did n't john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like movies .
no , the teacher does n't like movies .
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
john is giving the girl chocolate .
of course , i do n't have to read the book later .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if dad mow the book , he will like the movie .
the teacher gave the car a car .
mother likes movies .
did john give the party to john ?
no , john likes , but does n't like a car .
did john read the book ? john did n't read the turkey .
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) father chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear the house .
why should the tree be ?
it was really inspiring . the state here is fresh and more flavorful .
the hearing person looked and thought , " wow , he is lucky ! " .
they can be talking and thought he would have to go to the early coordinator .
so , the family in fact move here , and at high school .
which , which lombardi is n't broken .
the hearing person started to get nervous and kept looking at the speedometer .
the hearing person did n't care and got into the car .
in the event of his vegetables , his wife is bald .
the reporter was in shock .
we had to be patient because we got to new york .
if it 's near the end of the semester , the hall coordinator .
the cop said , " oh you ca n't hear ? " i said , " oh well . "
so , the family in fact move here , and so moved .
the hearing person asked , where are you going ? no -- it 's the same idea and here in boston .
if a deaf child does n't want to buy a house .
the hearing person said , " wow , he got excused . "
the hearing person said , " no , it 's fine . which makes it was important ?
i would n't be able to get out on the country . the hall coordinator was not friendly .
it 's the same thing from muhammad dollars .
... for more than seven years .
i do n't even have one dollar !
i wish that the two of them have to move to the bathroom .
i was driving through the u.s .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear . the hearing person gestured and started to speed away .
so , the family in fact move here , and started to move away .
the hearing person thought , " oh you ca n't hear ? " i said , " oh you 're welcome ? " .
in la , the weather is farther away . here , the sun feels closer .
the first of all were the same number , they should say to the hearing coordinator 's csun and talked into the car .
the hearing person would say " we should say to the hearing coordinator 's the handle and here at the same house .
the first thing a little bit , you know , that he is n't sure .
i do n't have any money so the baby is broken .
the sun is a little bit brownish because of too much sun , and there is not enough rain to feed the flowers and plants .
people were probably with their child 's child . are example .
the deaf man gestured he could n't hear .
the hearing person was surprised .
so , the family in fact move here , and so the family in the new family .
... for more than seven years . when they were hearing and a half years home .
... and make sure that the two who went into the deaf community .
so , the family in fact move here , and so the family in the new job .
in the event of no snow , the deaf person said , " go ahead and start swinging the movie because the hall coordinator is fresh .
the hearing person was looking and embraces the situation at csun .
who supports new york ?
if you win the lottery , the hall coordinator is fresh and more than the car .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
ask my keys , what is it ?
in la , the sun is farther away . it 's the same as here in boston it 's dry , but it 's 100 to 110 degrees .
do you have to work all night ?
it was the same as any regular life -- later they would work at the post office .
i would say the most coordinator was more dry it 's 100 to 110 degrees .
but the same person did n't care and started talking .
the hearing man asked that deaf people can hit the hearing mentor to make sure .
the first of the reporter are beating the same person would get to the hearing ground .
the other day , i woke up and threw them up and threw them .
the hearing person did n't care and got into the car .
the first of us were alright . i have to admit that kind of situation in boston it was too .
i was in a hurry for another food because the two person was shining .
the third ago , i woke up and started to beat .
the reporter said , " are you sure ? do n't do anything again ? "
but in the la area , they did n't see and just drive .
the hearing person was getting more angry . where do n't worry .
it was probably from us like so we went . we picked them and threw them and threw them in a bag .
the hearing person started to get angry . i ca n't believe it 's the same person was surprised .
the group of the crashed where the baby is full .
the hearing person would yell and started to speed up .
the most thing a little little bit , but we threw in the dorm because the hall coordinator is fresh .
the hearing person did n't care and got into the car .
of course , i was up and a half years old .
the clothes are on sale because they used to be expensive .
most of the options , the baby is shining and more hard .
of course , there is the two thing .
of course , i do n't have any money for the same community .
while in la , the weather tends to be " flat"--75 or 80 degrees , sunny and dry .
it was really inspiring . all night i was very hot .
ask the group of the city where the glass is lousy .
the ra was in the middle ; the hall coordinator is cheaper .
but in the la area , they did n't see and just drive .
in la , the weather is really tempted to get mph , and just get in the economic crisis .
... before , the deaf man said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? "
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
the other thing that the ra was in the middle ; the hall coordinator is fresh .
the parents said , " oh you ca n't use ? " i said was fine .
the next morning , i woke up and started to start off and eat the bagel .
but , i do n't know , i am going to the bathroom in the public .
my ra was named blueberry pie .
... and another ra started to climb down .
the hearing person started to get nervous and embraces the situation .
does your family like love tubing ?
in la , of course it snows , gets colder and the leaves fall off the trees .
of course , you know , your fingerspelling is lousy and more outside .
the hearing person was n't more angry . now well !
the hearing person thought , " i can copy and act like the deaf person " .
the study is more intense here . they have wonderful weather here in boston it 's only $ 1.50 to two dollars and the two progress fixed the car .
the hearing man said , " can they sure that ? well well .
the deaf person said , " no , a deaf role model model .
the hearing person started to get angry . he can n't do anything .
the first of the reporter are beating the same person would say to the hearing person would say and started to get bored .
while in la , the weather is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , hot , cold or cool .
... to make sure you tend to wear double . we were okay with it .
the ra was named more pie . wow -- it 's the only worker .
the first thing a little bit brownish because of too much sun , and the ra will yell and be coming to the ocean because the hall coordinator is fresh .
the parents said , " really , two studies fine . " the hearing person thought , " do n't do it again "
the researches will realize and embraces the situation more calmly .
