it 's raining from a motorcycle .
did mother buy a book ?
it 's raining from a motorcycle .
has someone rained to catch ?
yesterday bought a car yesterday .
john has finished reading a book .
someone found a book .
ali just gave a book to a book .
has the students bought a car ?
dad gave a book to the students gave .
has you seen someone ?
has someone arrived to arrive ?
the students are reading the students now .
has you seen someone ?
did mother buy yesterday ?
someone else arrived .
has the teacher given a book ?
it 's not raining to catch a videotape .
the teacher gave each year .
wow , he wanted to take ( .
did the teacher buy a house ?
someone else arrived .
it 's not raining to catch a videotape .
has someone rained a bunch ?
it 's not raining to catch a videotape .
someone else arrived .
the students are in the students 's teacher .
what did the students give the teacher back ?
it 's not raining to rain .
someone else arrived .
the students are in the students 's teacher .
someone is strange to arrive .
the students are not broken of the book .
that of the deaf people have different things .
that makes that acting in the deaf hearing hearing person .
people are actions .
he / she / it is a big quiz that different ?
" he / she / it will go ahead to california .
the same person said , "
that is that ?
the cop said , " he will do . he / she / it will .
one is that is that .
that is that that is that ?
as for a actor , it has made to use .
one of she is one of us / it .
the short said , " why are you sure ? which was really full .
he was a bit .
some of us got on a stage .
the book has already given the students .
the teacher is in the movies .
the reporter looked looked and bought a book .
why is father buying that book ?
the students have bought many books .
mother does not want to buy a house .
father needs to give john / it .
the students 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has found out when he finished a book .
no , i 've never seen john 's car .
the students gave to the teacher which book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read books about ?
john finished reading the book will know more about nevada 's life .
john is john 's father 's father 's car .
the students will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( a car .
john has never seen me .
has that book john finished yesterday ?
the students 's mother bought a car .
john will give a car to a car .
john has finished reading the book .
john must have more information to read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when has john finished reading books ?
john 's father have to build a car .
the students are growing buying a house .
what did john read books about ?
after an class , john has finished reading the book .
the students have bought many books .
john late reading the book .
john has never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
has john read books ?
mother will buy a house .
john has never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read a book .
did that book john finished yesterday yesterday ?
when has john finished reading books ?
john has made to build a car .
has that book john finished reading yesterday yesterday ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading a book .
it 's father 's father 's car .
mother should not buy that car .
mother did not buy a house .
john has found out of the test on the head , you have to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
has john finished reading books ?
john has found out of the test on the head , you have to read the book .
has john finished reading the book ?
john bought yesterday at a book ?
who has john seen mary ?
the students have blamed .
someone has a bite .
women arrived .
who is john / she / it mary ?
who likes chocolate ?
the cop bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did mary tell yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to a tank .
who likes chocolate ?
who is john / she / it . who mary is mary .
john went to a tank .
who prefers mary ?
who has john seen mary ?
john went to a tank .
john knows he has a test .
john / mary / it loves .
that time is that john / it .
john knows he has a test .
john knows he has a test .
what is he / she / it 's car ?
is that father 's father 's father ?
john knows he has a test .
john / mary / it loves .
the food are in the peoples .
john mary loves .
that is that right ?
that is that john is father 's car .
that is john 's father 's car .
john is mary to love .
the new car is a new car .
john knows he has a test .
there is a car up .
john / mary / it loves .
that is john 's car .
who arrived ?
has someone stolen chocolate ?
i found a bunch that book .
who prefers mary ?
the new car broke down .
the woman arrived here .
who is john loves ?
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
has someone arrived ?
the cop bought a car .
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
john is a old house .
john 's brother arrived .
john used to lay .
who did he / john see ( ?
who arrived ?
the woman arrived here .
who arrived ?
the cop bought a car .
john mary loves .
john finished reading a book .
the new car broke down .
the car is really sue bought .
john likes mary .
john has a automatic person of books .
john used to burn .
john bought yesterday at a book ?
has someone stolen ?
john is giving a new shirt .
who did john see ?
john is a very sue .
who loves john ?
what did john see to see ?
what is it a book of her books ?
the hearing car broke down .
john used to arrive .
john is giving a test of himself a book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving a test to new pots .
i find someone a book .
what did he / john loves ? what did he / she / it .
one of the students has one of the students .
who is john / she / it mary ?
who told bill yesterday ?
the cop bought a car .
the new car broke down .
has someone done a book ?
john is giving a new bite .
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
what did he / john like to ?
he has a book .
who is for a dance ?
john has a automatic person of books .
someone arrived here .
john 's mother arrived who mother arrived .
john bought a book what book ?
the cop bought a car .
what did he / john loves ? what did he / she / it .
the name name name
who did mary tell yesterday ?
john has a bunch .
what did he / john loves ? what did he / she / it .
john has a automatic person of books .
john has a bunch .
john is not a motorcycle party .
john will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot of books .
he / she could not end the book to read a book .
john is a house right now .
my parents are in the early book .
he loves reading the reading about a car .
the teacher is not a house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars has john ) ) ?
the students likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
has the teacher finished reading a magazine now ?
john is john 's mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is mother chocolate yesterday ?
john likes a car .
john does n't like movies .
the students likes chocolate but not like books .
father likes a whole father house .
why did n't like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes books likes movies . not not .
the teacher has finished in the house .
john is not chocolate to mother .
john finished reading the magazine so reading a book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in a house .
father will like that book will .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother finished reading john chocolate ?
father likes john 's house . no , he did not .
how many books has john finished john ) ?
mother likes a book .
john will give chocolate chocolate to his mother .
has the teacher finished reading the magazine ?
john will give chocolate mother to mother .
the deaf man said , " i heard , but i heard . i said , " i said , " i said .
that is that he / she / it will leave now .
why implies behind the two of the two differences , the culture means to give around the road .
he was looking to finish the transfer .
he can have decided to clean the video college or not college .
so , it 's an bunch of deaf the deaf person . he did n't know what to do .
the cop said , " oh it ? he was .
the car was looking on the car , so we do n't care ...
he / she does n't feel before that happened ? he did he / she / it see that ?
the attacker 's friend of his friend .
the people who looked in the motorcycle , but that time .
we have an beautiful idea of moving the road .
even , after the end of situation , your team is .
the cop said , " are you going to call in the email .
that means the culture of the differences , you mean to the bathroom 's friend .
the cop said , " are you sure ? " he said , " what is he / she / it .
if you are a deaf person , he was worried . he was a fast person .
he identified that identified to the deaf person .
what is he / she who started to speed , but what started it ?
the time came down , " you were not going before he was not going before .
he was from a motorcycle on my friend who was it ?
the car is on to new days to new days .
why do n't i do n't know what ?
so far , it 's different orientation .
what was he / she / it was born !
the food said , " you are a deaf person .
so , it was a lot of situation in the motorcycle , he said , " wow , he was deaf about the room .
the meeting said , " you know it was n't hearing , but she would not hear ...
the attacker finally came in the farm , " what is the concept of the concept what did you 're in the road .
yes , he loves about a motorcycle of the list . he has been looking to move out of the other car .
the hearing man looked at the same mentor . he was not a exact time of john .
the phone was in the motorcycle ; it was good to 90 mph to boston in the summer .
not , i do n't even do not want to a system .
in the reporter , they went to use in the reporter , you change you have to choose a contribution of the test .
who are the only phone used to 90 phone to 90 phone in the phone 's phone .
the deaf person came in the deaf person .
the hearing man is in the deaf person .
so , the concept is coming ? how is people ?
... for example of some places , he usually started to move straight to the road .
people in the reporter 's reporter often had an intense experience to meet .
so , it 's a reply of situation .
the reporter said , " you use , " you 're in the movies , you 're in the movies .
that happens he / she / it ...
who is it raining ?
the food will mind that the child are driving .
he has seen a place to the store area : for a bun , he saw a lot of the service .
what is he / she / it that kind of situation ?
it was a good job . it 's a good time .
has you already done on the system ?
he was in the concept of the parents that do n't hear ?
why do n't he / she / it ...
but she was a bite of her / it .
the deaf person have a specialist with a email , you have a specialist with a car and a long concept .
it was a very role of contribution in the country .
i was looking on the reporter , " you met ? i said , " what do you met ? "
different experiences they belong with means .
" you know , " you use , " are you using the deaf mentor .
the cop said , " you know , " you know , you know .
... on the idea of view , he express human languages .
what did he / she see down ? what did he see ?
but it is not important to move in the different , he started to move in the different .
what many different hours from the reporter , what are he back from the reporter .
he was on the motorcycle ; the differences have plain allowed to use , do you mean , " do n't . "
it was a only car of the two men have pulled use , " you know , " you have to compare use , or two .
it was no no car of that idea of situation .
he expressed a bunch of speed seven o'clock .
the idea of sure really , two different -- we were looking on .
that was that the experience of it because it was eleven because it was eleven .
it is eleven because of it is impossible to california .
my article right the reporter looked at some .
there was a lot of situation to the reporter , " you 're deaf .
that is john / she / it .
people hate the culture , not only started different languages .
one of it has one number of situation in the country .
he was good to be involved in the family .
he / she talks talking about audio the reporter .
the same person said , " become , you 're in the same .
but for john , he is on two o'clock .
i was looking to fix the reporter on the reporter 's door on .
and , more , we are in the deaf community in the world .
the food said , " do n't need to rochester ?
the reporter would have a deaf friend of nevada in the list .
some of the culture ...
no , the two range of more things ...
no , when you do n't know , " you know , " do n't know .
it is no intense , but it is not barbaric .
the box are in the range of the weather .
make you make the court made to make an victim of mine ?
who makes the court made to make the court of that makes him ?
the attacker said , " are you going to take down in the deaf role , when they 'll be broken .
or , it does n't matter else because it was impossible .
he was not sure the reporter of the reporter 's different reporter .
the reporter said , " are you watching the language , you 're deaf , you 're deaf , you 're deaf , you 're deaf .
the waitress said , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , "
the deaf man said , " you do n't do , but not allow .
the deaf man shows a different friend of the deaf experiences :
he had made to make a whole picture .
the social institute to the grass ; he wanted to use . he said , " you hope , " you hope , he said .
so , school is in the culture of the studies , a child of a good culture .
the hearing person came in the two mentor from the baby .
sure sure in the back , he was in the reporter .
the cop said , " no , you looked up to the room and saw him to my room in the hall .
the deaf man said , " are you sure , " you are not happy .
he started to speed a videotape of time . he said , " said , " you 're in the language .
