... for example .
did mother buy a book ?
... for example .
it 's a boat .
yesterday the student bought a car yesterday
john finished reading the book .
someone found a book .
ali gave a book , he gave a good student .
did the student 's father bought a car ?
... what did he give a teacher ?
is that / she / it ?
something did someone arrive at ?
the student did the student now now ?
has you seen something ?
did mother buy yesterday ?
something else arrived .
did the teacher give a book a student ?
it 's raining and a half .
the teacher gave everyday a box .
i want to take ( he / she / it want to ...
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
something 's something arrived .
... someone , will they host a videotape ?
someone was in a boat .
... someone , will they host a videotape ?
something else arrived .
did the student have a student party ?
what did the student give the teacher ?
... for example and rain , they will host .
something else arrived .
the student 's books in the teacher 's teacher a teacher ...
is someone strange here ?
the student did n't break a book .
that deaf people have a total .
i was in the acting of my people that act were hearing hearing person .
people have lost people people ...
so he was a big quiz .
" he / she / it will go ahead .
he was in the same thing .
who was that ?
he / she is in the future .
one dog that is that ?
that ( that is that ?
as for a long actor , they have to use in california .
one thing one thing that he was ...
the short is really full . which is it .
as for this , he / she is born .
some of us got in the stage .
the book will give the student a book .
the teacher is now in the movies .
the reporter looked at the movies and bought a book .
why did father buy that book ?
the student have bought many books .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give ( john 's father 's car 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out until i was looking a big book .
never seen john 's car 's car never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car 's car never never seen john 's car never never seen john 's car 's car never never seen john 's car never never
the student gave the teacher which book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
john will know a book , more about lincoln 's life ...
( mary 's father 's father 's father 's father 's car 's father 's car 's father 's car ) is that
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
is john going to give a car ?
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading that book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
is john going to give a car ?
john has reading a book .
john must have more information , he / she will read a book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
as for john 's father , he must have to give a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after an class , john finished reading the book .
the student have bought many books .
john late a book .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read a book ?
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to read the book ,
that book , john finished reading that book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
father 's father must have to speed a car .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
... there 's father 's father 's father 's car ) is john going .
mother should not have bought that car 's father 's father 's car .
mother did n't buy a house .
john found out and a test . he had to read a book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john found out and a test . he had to read a book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought yesterday ?
who does john see mary ?
the student has a expert .
someone has a expert of the student .
women arrived ...
as for john 's favorite , who mary is mary ?
who likes chocolate ?
the cop bought a car there .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did he / mary yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to jamaica .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john 's friend , who mary is mary ?
john went to jamaica .
who likes ( mary ?
who does john see mary ?
john went to jamaica .
john knows , " no , no ...
john / she / it ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him /
that time is john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car that he had been going to john .
john knows , " no , no ...
john knows , " no , no ...
whose car is that he / she is n't ?
is that father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's car ?
john knows , " no , no ...
as for john , mary loves him .
as for china and vegetables ,
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( is that 's car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's car ) is ) 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's car ) is ) father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's car ) is ) father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's car ) is ) father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's car ) is ) father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's car ) is ) father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's car ) is ) father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's car ) is ) father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's
is that john 's father 's car ?
as for john , mary ) loves ( he / she ) loves him .
he 's new car 's new car 's new car 's new car 's new car 's new car 's new car 's new car 's new car 's new car 's new car 's new car 's new car 's new car .
john knows , " no , no ...
he 's father over a car .
john / she / it ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( he / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him / she ) loves ( him /
that ( right over there ) is john 's car 's car 's car 's car ) is right in ) ) is that he / john is right in ) ) is that
who arrived ?
he 's father 's car 's car 's car 's car .
i found a bunch that book .
who likes mary ?
a new car is broken .
are you going here ?
who does john love ?
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
what do n't have someone arrived ?
the cop bought a car .
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
john is a old house to ( his ) house .
john 's mother arrived .
john used to load .
who did he / she / it see ?
who arrived ?
have women arrived here ?
who arrived ?
the cop bought a car there .
as for john , mary loves him .
john finished a book .
a new car is broken .
the car is frank to buy a buy car .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is in the motorcycle of a child ...
john 's ( a motorcycle .
john bought yesterday ?
someone 's car was stolen .
john is giving a new bite .
who did john see ?
that car is that / she / it .
who loves john ?
who did john see ?
who is it a book of ?
a deaf car is broken .
john 's eating arrived .
john is giving a test of himself a book .
john reads a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving a new bite .
i found something books .
what did he / she / it like to john ?
there is one of the students one student at the store .
as for john , who mary / it ) see mary .
who told bill yesterday ?
the cop bought a car there .
a new car is broken .
... do you have a book ?
john is giving a new bite .
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
what did he / john like john ?
has you / she / it ) had a book ?
who prefers for prefers ?
john is in the motorcycle of a child ...
" someone arrived here
as for john 's mother arrived , who 's mother arrived ?
john bought what book ?
the cop bought a car there .
what did he / she / it like to john ?
the name will name care of name
who did he / mary yesterday ?
john has a bunch of ) ) 's car .
what did he / she / it like to john ?
john is in the motorcycle of a child ...
john has a bunch .
as for john , he is in a book .
john will buy a book .
the teacher wants to read a lot of books
he could n't finish reading the book but he / the teacher was growing in the teacher .
john is a reply now to read a book .
my parents asked , " many books , there 's many books .
he loves a reading about the car and read about a public read .
the teacher is now a house right right a house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is that a teacher in the house ?
how many cars is john 's father 's cars ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes across the books and movies .
when the teacher finishes a magazine , he will read a book now .
is john john 's mother 's ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
did mother like chocolate yesterday ?
john likes a car .
john does n't like movies .
the student likes chocolate , does n't like books a book .
father likes a right 's father 's father 's father 's father 's car .
why does n't like chocolate ?
mother does n't like movies .
the teacher likes to read but he did n't like movies .
did the teacher in the house ?
john is now a motorcycle .
so so she had finished a magazine .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in a house .
father will like that book in the book .
the teacher in the car is in the car 's car in the car
mother likes movies .
john has finished john chocolate .
father likes john 's house likes it ) does n't like a car .
how many books has john finished john 's ?
mother likes ( a book .
john will give chocolate to his mother 's mother .
when the teacher finishes a magazine , he will read a book .
( will john give chocolate 's mother 's mother ?
in the deaf man , i heard , but i were hearing , but i heard .
that ( that person is that he / she is really cancelled today .
i implies that the two of them means to give to the bathroom .
he looked reading the raft , so he is so going to give off .
they can have decided to be trained , so you have never college .
so , as when it 's an videotape of deaf , they will find up . he 's not sure what to do .
one of john ) finished back ?
the deer is on the motorcycle -- it means to be trained .
he / she does n't have made that he / she talks that he / she is deaf !
his friend would be hearing , but his friend 's in the list .
in la , who should they ca n't hear , but that else is that he had been watching more deep .
we had a strong idea to work .
even , after the end of situation , then he is in a eye .
as for the nearby , they are in the table , they did even even like it to do .
that means that the child was giving to give a rock to do .
" you 're fine , who who was driving ?
if that 's a deaf person , he is worried .
he / she is identified to a deaf person .
who was he / she who started to take it ?
the time was n't broken , he was not broken , but he did n't like it before .
he was from a motorcycle on my friend .
for example to new to new york , he started to new york and start new to new to new york .
i thought , " i do n't know , i do n't know ...
so far there is a total .
i was born !
you identified a deaf person .
so , it 's the only man that he is deaf for example .
she decided to move what i was looking to really hear but he would n't hear .
what did they use the concept ?
a lot of ( ( the motorcycle in the email could , you know , you 're welcome , you 're welcome .
the hearing man looked at the same accident did n't have a big time of john .
the cop was in the motorcycle and saw it to a good strike .
... not , i would n't have to be able to do more .
in la , the movie 's probably arrived from the movies . when they change , they have to choose in the hall .
of course , who are they using a red phone to a police school of red degrees .
the deaf person came in the talks , he looks in the mr .
so for now , the deaf person is ) hearing .
so so , it 's how he is wrong ?
he showed some places for example and it tends to move to a half .
people in that major reporter often had an intense experience to meet .
so , that 's now there 's important .
in the movie , they know , they have been going to get in the movies .
that happens that hit me ...
who was he / she ?
in the future , he is in the motorcycle ; he had been talking to move away .
she would have to be a place to a place for a relationship for a big motorcycle .
who was he that kind of situation ?
she had a good job . it 's a good job . it 's a good time from example .
they have finished up means .
he was in the concept of the deaf accident .
they ca n't have to be able to a baseball invention .
but he had a story of his high person .
there were a specialist with the deaf accident .
there would be a donut role to move in major pieces .
i had a bit and told me that i had been shocked ! "
different experiences belong with means .
" you know , " i use , " i use many men and use , " are they going .
the reporter who is a bunch from the reporter 's hall .
... on the idea of how he express human languages .
what did they see the car back ?
but , maybe it 's important important to move in the different of the back , and in the back .
what many different words were running from us .
that idea who went down .
but , the same man started to take a use model , like , you have to take use , and two of us have to take use .
nothing , he was a expert of that story .
he expressed a bunch and started to sign a lot .
... really , two different words -- they were looking on .
that friend that she had to listen .
as for la , there is gross .
my article , this accident is a expert .
there was many culture to be connected to la noise .
in the nearby , he wrote a reply .
people are giving the only more pigs .
or , when i was a decision , one of me is still going to tell a video reporter .
he had a good intervention from that of my major major days .
now , he talks to about an shirt umbrella .
i was in the same of a different deal .
but for the two accident 's car 's car 's car ...
i was going to fix because the reporter was looking up .
and , more , it 's how deaf people were in that world .
as for the future , the world did n't know .
the reporter has a bunch of his friend .
some of the culture ...
no , the two man was more tempted more for us because i had a good distance .
... no , i know , " you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know ,
i hope , " no , there is no barbaric .
they had a b of route so making a b :
they made a court of the man made , and saw what kind of situation .
who makes the court that makes me ?
then they had a show in the country and asked in the country .
or , if it 's wrong , it 's wrong .
he happens about the people , so you know , well , you 're in the reporter .
the reporter said , " are you watching , you 're deaf , you 're deaf , you 're deaf , you 're deaf .
i was in the nearby because it 's gross , well , it 's gross , but in the area .
the deaf man said , " you 're people can have to see in the mr .
a deaf person shows a total and people show , " in boston , it 's a total of deaf , and in california .
... it can make a reply , well , well .
he institute to fall out to the bathroom in the future .
so , school 's school in the culture , he had a good friend in the mr .
so far , it 's two different orientation from growing language from the baby .
really , it 's a thinking of language now .
but because they were looking on the reporter , he looks up and saw him to give to my room in the public .
people lived in the deaf people : it is a big thing .
we moved a bunch of time and said , " are you watching language , you 're in the language .
