someone threw like my car .
did my mother buy a book ?
someone threw like my car .
someone threw down the boat was eating .
yesterday bought a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
how many books found the book ?
no , the teacher gave the book to give the book .
did the student finish a student ?
no , the book gave the student to give the student .
did you see something ?
how much arrived ?
the student is n't average .
has it seen something ?
did my mother buy yesterday ?
did someone arrive ?
did the teacher give the book to the student ?
someone threw toward my siren .
the teacher is each book each .
i was n't sure if he / she wants to use him / her ) coffee .
did the teacher buy a house ?
has someone arrived strange ?
someone threw down some cops .
someone saw the car .
someone threw down some cops .
did someone arrive ?
how the student there is a teacher .
what did the students give the teacher ?
the car inhaled toward my car .
did someone arrive ?
how many books does the student buy books ?
" someone said , " i am arriving here . "
the students give out the book .
that friends are wrong with things to do .
i was n't sure that kind of situation in the hearing person was hearing .
what are they doing ?
what he saw the party , " what is that clear ? "
did it go ahead and eat it ?
i was really socialized .
who is looking with me ?
that kind of situation at it .
there is one interesting thing .
that 's not broken .
the teacher has been grass , and he / she is perfectly related to make an eye .
there was one one of the it one knew in shock .
what is the only man that just full theater ?
i was n't sure if he / she was guilty .
there were tents set up to san diego .
the book will give the student to the student .
the teacher is in movies .
when he 's end of the movie , he will buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must to to give john a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out the test , he will read the book .
i never see john 's car .
... give the teacher a book .
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john went out books , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must just be car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should take a car .
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give the car to give ?
has john read the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must to give a car to mary .
the student over there did n't buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
has john late finished reading the book ?
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
has john finished late the book ?
i have to father give the car to john .
mother should n't have bought a car .
mother does n't buy a house .
when john finds out the test , my hair starts to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out the test , my hair starts to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who john did n't see ?
the student has flew .
someone has flew .
women arrived .
john said , " who , mary is mary .
who does like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who told her that mary to ?
who loves john ?
john should go to beat .
who does like chocolate ?
john was waiting , but mary will .
john will go to beat .
who told her to eat ?
who john did n't see ?
john will go to beat .
john knows that man / it is a man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows that man / it is a man .
john knows that man / it is a man .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's father 's car ?
john knows that man / it is a man .
as for john , mary loves him .
china was n't born .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that is new car .
john knows that man / it is a man .
that 's kind of car 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
yes , the car was stolen .
found you found the book .
who told mary to eat ?
the new car is broken .
" nah , is that man arrived ?
who john loves ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone bought work .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
( john 's old , there is yesterday .
as for john 's wife , he arrived .
john shot the guitar .
who did he / she see ?
who arrived ?
" was he arriving here ?
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
has john read the book ?
as my new car broke down ,
did you buy the car ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john has no money book .
john 's favorite the doctor .
what did john buy yesterday ?
has someone car stolen ?
john is giving the party a new distance .
who did john see ?
( for mary , a car is sue .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who was frank ?
the car 's car broke down .
john 's brother arrived .
john is giving reading a book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the party a man , well ,
i found something a book .
what did n't john love ?
one student has no student butter .
john did n't see , what mary did .
who told bill yesterday , who mary will ?
sue bought a car .
the new car is broken .
does you have a book ?
john is giving the men to give it .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did he / she like ?
father has a book .
who vegetables to chat ?
john has no money book .
" did someone arrive here ?
john 's mother arrived . who 's mother arrived ?
what did john buy the book ?
sue bought a car .
what did n't john love ?
name name name name .
who told her that mary to ?
john 's father there .
what did n't john love ?
john has no money book .
as for john 's wife , i was wrong .
john is n't buying a book .
she will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot of book .
he ca n't finish his book to give the teacher a book .
john is n't giving a house now .
my parents were driving as many books .
he loves reading about the car to read .
the teacher is n't sure .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher in the house there is no .
how many cars did john buy the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes the book and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now reading a book .
is john 's mother ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother bought chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars a book .
john will n't like movies .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like it books .
no , john likes his father house .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like movies .
did the teacher like to like movies ?
the teacher has been in the house .
john is giving chocolate to his mother .
... for a long time , when it rains , my book will read the book .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher in the car .
mom likes movies .
has mother finished john chocolate ?
no , he likes john 's house but does n't like it .
how many books did john buy his father 's ?
mother likes that book .
will john give chocolate to his mother ?
when the teacher finishes reading the book , he will read the book .
will john give chocolate to his mother ?
a deaf man looked at my friend , but i 'm in the same .
that person in shock .
i implies back behind the side of the group , which means to give it to another shoulder .
did you join in the transfer so ?
it can n't be fun , once we can never college at all .
so , they grabbed me of the group of deaf people at him because they did n't believe what to do .
but he spit , well , but hey .
there were a box of san - - pace .
really , i felt home all the way .
the study 's their father works would n't be able to use more parents as their child tickets .
people were uneasy , doing them ca n't hear as being the " person that flies different york .
as us had to get the idea to work ,
if it 's the emergency , i did n't have a emergency .
no , the deer in fact is broken , but i did n't know .
the study expects in , " he means to give to the bathroom theater .
... and worse . he has been coming what he / she saw himself .
if that deaf , the deaf person is broken .
that identified it that just went to the deaf person .
they 're going to the tight store to himself .
my friend looked at the party and said , " are you looking at the same person ? "
you drove out of communication from his birthday .
two days for example .
how i was disappointed , i do n't know .
if it 's raining there , my child is a different advisior .
wow , right , i was wrong !
now , i 've been thinking that nobody was deaf .
wow , the study said , " are you sure ? " i said , " oh , wow . "
the study looked at my friend and asked , but he did n't hear her to work .
what did we join a little ?
there were a lot of ) from the letter of six and a half .
many of us were looking , but we are not going to the same person .
i went in the phone ; the victim was alright and clean the situation and clean the situation . it 's a good face of car .
if it 's not just , i would n't know , i am going to the system to do .
parents were driving , but it 's like the movie , when they were arriving to the movies and ankle , they must continue to another test .
those locations crashed at california untill at california ) 7 at california .
the deaf person came back ; he could n't hear .
except for informing the way , he is ?
so , the study was n't thrown . how people did they drive ?
the only list only some places at example -- there was a strong place of six - classes .
people were a major advisior often often to meet deaf to the deaf community .
... so that 's because it 's gross .
" he told his victim with the victim 's body .
that happened , right nothing , or nothing .
who is cooking ?
will you give the situation to the car ?
if you see tomorrow , i 'll be looking by the two seven .
who is n't there ? no , because my culture is deaf .
the man noticed who was good , but they do n't even move more more . they know , " oh , you 're welcome , too . "
do you have already given up to the system ?
they say , " ( the alarm ) is a close quiz .
i ca n't even rely it for a long light .
but he / she is a real motorcycle on the trunk .
many experiences -- deaf people were in the fall of vegetable and their job .
there is a only role of situation in the family and a wow culture .
they did n't want to use him as i met in the stories .
the different person said , " can you want ? "
i was sorry , and they use many people , " they said , " are you using many people ? "
he would n't be on one group : he would n't be thrilled .
i did n't care how did my child like ?
how did they see me ?
but it 's more important to do . the study is broken .
what was two different groups that were all more .
he gave me ; i was worried all the way of ) or 4 means .
but , as for my friend , they have pulled the use of intervening between the same .
... there is a only bit passed up of the car .
he saw the hits of me passed down of the road .
" really , two different different words would cover the two parents to cover on his shoulder .
he forgot me instructions and gave me all screamed .
i was n't sure , there is just a pop quiz .
my article was a deaf advisior second .
the most person decided to give them to vermont , but i did n't like them .
did he / she / it move to ?
i was confused , because they are not going talking .
i would wave the one number one number of situation at me ; it was still big at ibm .
it was much with the full school often .
i did n't believe he would n't believe about my pants .
he was n't guilty , there will also be the same name .
but ... he looks on two o'clock .
now i was trying to wash them as we gambled with the same mentor to cover me in the back .
and more intense . how people are they with the same house that kind of situation in the next .
in the past , they are not allergic .
i looked at him and gave him to his victim for a letter of my stripes .
there was a only party in the lid , but if they 're in the cruiser , he wo n't be ...
) , ( my roommate , it 's more more intense at him -- i 'm things to catch him .
there 's no pop . no , the i do n't know " that 's it .
it is n't raining outside , and it was nothing for us to go outside .
... it makes a lot of hours from it on one team of steam
he made the car to make a ( made of situation . make they say that he / she in the deaf house continues to use him / her in the car .
he made the car that makes it to make a car . "
in the back with the party group , they 're in the back of his face .
or , i do n't know someone is wrong to slow . "
they would n't know what people were doing in the back of the group .
the study began to realize how the stitching is . that 's the same children ' as in la it did n't rain , i kept welcome the competition .
after mary , the study is beating me , sprained both like his knee .
the deaf person said , " really , its can see more slowly , but hey .
the deaf man gave them that i could n't hear , deaf , and florida .
i could make you to make the different children to put it in boston .
i was looking to buy the car to give it up . "
other school in the study is deaf .
then , i would give two different muscles by food language .
" i 'm not bad , there is just my homework , it 's bleeding .
so , i often got back on to the car and saw the chimney at him / one in the dorms .
they lived with the deaf mentor . it was a big brother .
they were in the log of the time to the exit of language .
