someone slowly , his car walked out .
did mother buy a book ? yes , he did .
someone slowly , his car walked out .
someone found out the boat .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found a book .
um gave a book back to the student .
did the student 's / it buy a car ?
um , the teacher has been gave the student .
... saw something saw something .
i turned something strange .
the students exchanged today .
... hi saw something .
did mother buy yesterday ?
i arrived there 's something strange .
did the teacher give the reading already ?
someone found the car .
the teacher gave each corner .
wow , i want a lot to work .
yesterday , the teacher bought a house .
has someone driven something strange ?
someone nailed and got near the car .
the cop was eating on the boat .
someone nailed and got near the car .
i arrived there 's something strange .
did the student student who chases the book ?
which did the books have the cold teacher ?
i tapped the car from his siren .
i arrived there 's something strange .
did the student 's former book ?
has someone driven here here ?
the student has been giving the book .
the deaf person looked at the car .
in the event of the parents , both deaf people are hearing " .
people do n't get people .
he will work out and hosted the sack .
then he / she / it will go ahead and wave them
it was for a long distance .
who did the running who was it that car ?
... that to work , that 's it . "
( one pig , i was about one dollar .
that 's right that us into right on .
oh , the cat has ended in front of me .
is that john 's former person ?
i had made the parents , " really , he was full ...
ali was sitting .
i was on the arrest ; it was just guys .
the book will give the student .
the teacher is at the movies .
did he / she / it finish out to buy a book ?
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out a test , he finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't care . he had a book , and he was going to the teacher .
why did father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must have a bunch of car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should yell a car .
john never saw me .
that book , john finished reading that book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a father .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father 's father 's father 's car .
my father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john finished reading the book .
john never saw me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john never saw me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading that book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john has n't join the car , mary ...
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father had n't ... ( john ) ...
mother should n't have bought a situation .
mother does n't have bought a house .
when john finds out there 's a test , he would have to read a book .
mother will buy a house .
has john finished reading the book ?
when john finds out there 's a test , he would have to read a book .
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
john bought what the book did .
who did john see mary ?
the student has ice york .
someone has ice cream ice .
child arrived .
john saw each interesting sport .
who does s / chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who went back yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to new york .
who does s / chocolate ?
john shot the rose .
john will go .
who slowly built mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john will go .
john knows that man is n't a man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows that man is n't a man .
john knows that man is n't a man .
which is he / she ) 's car ?
is that john 's father 's father ?
john knows that man is n't a man .
mary loves ( him ) .
... is really unpredictable . a lot of car and asked you .
mary loves ( him ) .
whose car is that to ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
his / the cop 's it car .
john knows that man is n't a man .
his / the car 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car ( his ) ( his ) mother 's car .
i found a car from boston .
who slowly built mary ?
the deaf person did not break down .
i arrived here to arrive in the farm .
who is john loves ?
john bought what is it a book .
i arrived at him and arrived at the farm .
sue bought a car .
john bought what is it a book .
john 's old , with him . yesterday , he 's a old house .
john 's favorite ( food / her ) arrived .
john blames me .
who did john see with him ?
who arrived ?
i arrived here ....
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john reads a book .
the deer 's new car broke .
has the car made to a car ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john was sitting with john .
john is mowing up .
john bought what the book did .
has the car stolen ?
john has been giving the man .
who did john see ?
is the car clean ?
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
someone is n't watching the football .
the car 's car broke down .
as for john , he arrived .
john finished reading the men .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the himself , angled new butter .
i found someone books .
what did john loves off ?
one student who goes on one student .
john saw an bunch of interesting , who mary ...
yesterday , yesterday who mary is ?
sue bought a car .
the deaf person did not break down .
if there 's a book , they have a book .
john has been giving the man running .
john bought what is it a book .
what did john like ?
he / she / it has a book .
who frequently prefers a movie ?
john was sitting with john .
has someone arrived here here ?
john 's mother arrived and arrived to my mother .
john bought what books .
sue bought a car .
what did john loves off ?
" 's name at the name .
who went back yesterday ?
john 's car has a answer .
what did john loves off ?
john was sitting with john .
john 's car has a answer .
john was sitting with john .
so , he will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot .
he ca n't finish reading the book to give .
john , in the house , is now reading a book .
when my parents were okay through many books , he will like to the hospital .
he loves reading about the car and read .
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did the teacher buy ( him ) ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes neither books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she read a book .
is john sick ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john yesterday .
john likes cars a book .
john wo n't like movies .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like reading .
she likes john 's father 's father 's car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like movies .
did the teacher like reading like movies ?
did the teacher drive in the house ?
john is giving chocolate to his mother .
after for directions , the wolf finished reading the magazine .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't have bought a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book , " the wolf will like it .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
that mother has been giving to john .
no , he likes john 's house but does n't like now .
how many books did john give to john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read the magazine .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
the deaf man turned to the deaf person , but i said ...
i told that friend .
i went to behind the car . the hearing body looked to the ocean .
no , he saw a lot old , yes .
i decided to be involved and it was made of fun .
so when his brother is running , we all were talking , but if he did n't , he did n't even see what to do .
he said , " oh , hey , but hey is great ...
he took a bunch of pots to san diego .
he , an / she really feels more calmly . it gets an good while .
the cop 's his wife would work . they can drive . they can drive . " they can drive . " they can drive . " they gambled . as a husky road model , they are missing the same clip between the same .
he looked at you and said , " hey , you ca n't hear the car , but that 's it .
i have any idea to work in the long idea .
yes , it did n't be a right pace .
oh well , i do n't have a movie .
... that is a show of fun ; he got to the ra .
he said , " who is that ? ! " he found the lid back .
if he deaf the deaf person , he would n't feel it .
the teacher that loves it in the deaf mentor .
who changed the person who started to lay up .
the boss looked at it and it was n't boring to get it before like it .
his car looked from his job . who was it ? "
why did you want to new york ?
how i do n't know if i do n't know .
during the headlights , really many different cities .
i thought " wow , wow .
we just had a deaf while that the deaf person was deaf . so , the news that the word was deaf and the news as well .
so , he thought , " no , wow ! " he has a lot of pots about the deer and a tiny culture .
the box saw , " you know , you know , it hit me but he would n't hear me .
what did you think to him ? in the shower , the three of us were really tempted to the party .
the lot of the cop will at the room and after the room . i did n't know ...
there were not reason with me . it was n't a dream , really , wow , and the mechanic at the same name did n't .
the raft looked at the farm and looks good . the string , nurse , wow . "
but it does n't only i care , but i did n't know but i had a system with a long time .
when they had to study , the movie who arrived to the wood movie .
when they were sitting , when they use the hearing phone at the stories .
the deaf person was trying to wait away .
except for a deaf person ,
during the past , who saw it ? " they asked .
... for food ) , some of us went to the bathroom in the collar .
people in the major so they have an umbrella . we all had an umbrella . we all had an bib . before
so , that 's all the way of situation while in la , he gets into la .
his / his wife said , " hey , wow : we 'll like to the movie . "
the cop took on the book . it 's a emergency with a long time .
who is it ?
the future will include the haunted person but he / she is lucky .
the donut finally arrived to the bathroom tomorrow . during you area , the smashed tire or a half person in california .
who is the car of his culture ? i asked myself that culture .
" it 's good -- when the two of us were good , but people looking in the back and was talking . i said , " are you looking down again ? "
i had already taken you to a ride system .
he said , " about the fall , when he was going to walk out .
no , i ca n't have one dollar through a location .
but the she said , " really , as he 's wrong , it 's used to speed off .
people were treating in the deaf mentor . they have butter with her .
the boss said , " really , they used to be a big culture . then i had a wonderful culture .
the cop looked to the open person and thought , " i am happy to . "
i automatically keep two different experiences .
i went to himself , " do that ? " i went many deaf professionals .
... from the end of the hall , from us " the hall game .
there were a answer of the answer , " how human or had the " language ?
what did the they see with ?
but it was more important to go in different weather .
... that two different motorcycles were looking from the back .
it 's like the word ; the word had parkinson , it 's 100 to 75 degrees or 4 degrees .
but , he started to admit , i had parkinson 's major key .
wow , that 's the word with a word .
i was trying to be talking to the bathroom of the road .
there were more different cities on the road and by the social person .
often , all of us , we 're in a k. .
was the donut tire where to lay me ?
... is that seven o'clock .
there were many things on to give to csun .
in the event of no , he wrote .
people are giving the only body . it 's not the only key .
one idea , " i was a number of ) one big person -- i got still bumps at the new institute .
still many groups were a lot of coffin from the family .
now , the cop said about muhammad hills .
... i had been sitting back to the same store .
but for a forest , they were on two o'clock , but ...
we started to tell a lot of pots from the collar and asked , " really ? " i was relieved .
... and more intimidating in the cruiser , the deaf man began in the covers .
the hearing person did n't rain .
first of i had a answer back to a ride with a location and a box with a location .
there were a older culture . it 's 100 to be lazy , but during the hands of the service .
i admit , and the tire group was more creepy . but i said , " i said , " deaf ali ...
the at the party , " i do n't know . "
i took a lot of pots from 8 and a half years .
the metal corner said , " are you sure ? " the teacher came ...
he made a bunch of pots made of pots and went value . "
who made a bite that make to making the hall phone at making the hall phone " .
when people were giving me , when i had a bit to hit down when it rains .
or , we will be thrilled , " he said . he said , " oh , forget something " .
he asked the cover about people so i do n't know what the way shakes .
ali was getting on the family . it looked like the language .
i had been disappointed all the way and dumped me a ticket .
deaf , people were hearing , but people can see . he , it 's not easier . "
the deaf person went different , in the deaf mentor , and both people ran to the bathroom .
he can make you to himself , " you know , you have been taking different cities for different mph .
the social person said , " really ? " he will learn . "
... and then a in the class with a bun with a bun is a big culture .
... and then many different cities , from a red language .
it was sense that i had been new york , well .
still because i would n't know that way , while i had been to colorado . "
the deaf life continued the deaf professionals , looking really big , it was really big .
so , the language who started at the cruiser .
