someone joined me and slammed up .
yesterday bought a book yesterday .
someone joined me and slammed up .
someone , that drop , went down at the collar .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
is the teacher giving the book , audiologist the book .
did the student 's student buy a car ?
has the teacher given the teacher to give the teacher ?
did donna see something ?
someone got something for 80 .
the student is eating book .
has you seen something ?
yes , mother bought yesterday .
someone strange for 80 .
did the teacher give the book ?
someone joined me and french me .
the teacher gives each of the book .
what does you want to use coffee ?
yes , the teacher bought a house .
someone 's something arrived .
someone and then come on to the wood floor .
someone -- wow . what does someone see me ?
someone and then come on to the wood floor .
someone strange for 80 .
the cop was going to the teacher of nevada .
what did the students give the teacher to the teacher ?
how someone breaks up , and they do n't know what to do .
someone strange for 80 .
did the student buy the book ?
someone strange that he could have arrived here .
the student was giving the test . the teacher was teacher .
that deaf people have different .
what 's the name of connection as in the deaf group .
people noticed action ?
that could you give a party back .
so you go ahead and thought , " go ahead ahead ) ?
it was for a long time .
he took the cover back .
he / she would be in the future .
he is n't one of it .
that 's no day .
did the group of up 3 ?
one thing that it was one of us of it .
when all of us , you 're sure . what 's it was a full quiz .
i was awake by it .
some of us got got on the next weather .
will the students give the book ?
the teacher is in the movie .
he / she was just watching a movie .
why did father buy a book ?
the students gave many books .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give to give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out there 's done reading the book .
" i 've never seen john 's car .
he gave the teacher over which did he really ?
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary is n't john to finish a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should buy a car .
john did never see me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give reading car .
has john finished reading the book ?
john will get more information .
if many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book read ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father that her father has to be a car .
which house did the student buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john 's done reading the book .
the students gave many books .
john late . john finished reading the book .
john did never see me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did never see me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father that mary has to be a car .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
he gave a car that john has been john 's car .
mother should n't have bought a little car .
mother wo n't buy a house .
john found out that the test is ready to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john found out that the test is ready to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought yesterday .
who john saw mary ?
the student has butter .
someone has butter .
as for the children , children arrive .
as for john , who mary who mary ?
who does like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
i said who mary is mary .
who loves john ?
john should go to class .
who does like chocolate ?
as for john , who mary who mary is mary .
john did go and stay .
who tells mary ?
who john saw mary ?
john did go and stay .
john knows that man there is john 's .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows that man there is john 's .
john knows that man there is john 's .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's father 's car ?
john knows that man there is john 's .
as for john , mary loves him .
is that deaf people mixes up ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the car 's car car .
john knows that man there is john 's .
the car 's car 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car is stolen .
i found it .
who tells mary ?
the car 's car broke down .
the cop said , " i have arrived here .
who does john loves ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
why do n't you arrive ? " i 'll arrive .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for john 's car , there is a old house .
john 's favorite arrived .
john gave the cover .
who did john see ( he ) ?
who arrived ?
" the cop arrived here in here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the car looked at the new car . the car looked down .
the car is just buying sue .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is eating using a book .
john 's favorite the teacher .
john bought yesterday .
someone is giving a car .
john is giving the men back .
who did john see ?
is that car sue 's sue ?
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who is liz looking who 's book ?
the hearing car broke down .
john arrived .
john is reading that man 's book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the men , audiologist new york .
i found something a book .
what did john love off what did john love ?
the student is riding . no one thing is one student someone .
as for john see , who mary who mary ?
as for tells bill who mary is mary ?
sue bought a car .
the car 's car broke down .
the cop has a book .
john is reading the river . john 's new pie .
what did john buy yesterday ?
john likes what john .
has the book of her ) ?
who shoots money ?
john is eating using a book .
someone arrived here .
's mother arrived who mother arrived .
john bought what book .
sue bought a car .
what did john love off what did john love ?
the name will buy yourself .
i said who mary is mary .
john has a bunch of her ) .
what did john love off what did john love ?
john is eating using a book .
john has a bunch of her ) .
john is eating professionals for a while .
she will buy another book .
the teacher wants a lot to read a lot .
he / she does n't finish reading the book next year .
john is a lound book now .
my parents were in la , so both people ) .
he loves reading reading a car to read .
the teacher is a baby right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
he is in the house right in the house .
how many cars did john buy the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes young books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now he is going to a book .
is john 's mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
( for mother 's favorite is chocolate , ( it ) is john 's .
john likes a car .
john will like movies .
the student likes chocolate and does n't like to read the book .
is that john 's father 's car 's car ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like movies .
the teacher likes to read but he does n't like movies .
the teacher finished into the house .
john is n't upset . it 's not a mother .
when my ra has finished reading the magazine later .
the students does not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is n't in the house .
will you like that book ?
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
did mother finish john chocolate ?
father likes john 's house but does n't like that .
how many books has john been to john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read the book .
john will give chocolate mother .
the deaf man looked at the house and i looked that the same deal .
i thought " what 's now . " he asks himself .
" i was going to stop behind the hall of them .
i was looking , that was that ? he saw so he / she was n't hearing .
... i can have seen a quarterback , you know , or never college .
so when they were going to the baseball options , the deaf person decided to get what to do ,
who was that ? however , he was willing .
there 's means there . there 's a automatic band . there 's the service that flies came .
he / she did n't have seen his computer . one who has been car with that .
the food 's anniversary of boston from her to work , he ran in the distance 's to hit the parents .
people seem butter . ” they ca n't hear that end of the still ; it was fun .
we had a awful with friends .
it has n't a intervention of san rain .
no , he 's in la 's so there 's all .
i was in that way that way had been giving to the baseball phone .
... and saw that , who was lapd ...
if that deaf a person is driving , he will stand up .
the hearing man that chased until a deaf person .
i was looking , who had it nervous off what to do it ,
i was n't scared . it looked like the same when it was n't the same hall .
it was their name from california 's year .
it showed for example .
how i was surprised , i do n't know .
it 's really raining .
i was very lucky .
while that 's 80 , the deaf man turned to the same person as in the deaf person person .
the cop looked at him and said , " really ? he informed a lot of information about my child culture .
he was sitting to see you know , but if he was ready to hear the hearing weather ,
i went back into the talking of what was really lazy .
there are no waiters about the husky invention . they have a lot of guys as in the headlights . the group said , " no . oh well , " and counselor .
the cop looked at me and realized if he was n't lazy at john .
the old of he got a good phone ; they felt a good light . it was a good light . he and started to a good light that it 's fine .
not just , i 'm a lot of situation from the system .
when i was food all of the movie , you would notice to the movies and have to visit a good dog .
one group who use a red phone to light of light and light of there of the city .
the deaf person came talking ; he has been having something .
as for the deaf man , they will buy a person .
... so when i went out who people was going to ?
... for example . since in boston , some place about the car . a lot of effort move in the group .
people say , in fact , major ali have parkinson to meet deaf degrees .
it would say to open out of nevada care of it .
when it 's 's food , you 're not friendly to the movies .
that happened , mike , is it ?
who bought ? ?
the cop spun that he / she was caught up .
then i see , you 'll see a place for fifteen hours in boston , a motorcycle model in california .
what does he / she / it buy myself ?
her would say to work it was working , or when i had a bit of boston . it was a lot of fun from the baby .
have you already finished up ?
he rushes about the near ; the rapids was trying to come down .
i would n't stop it as we would n't care and read it .
but , the food was farther , really , that was that ?
many of us were in the grocery house . it snows to the baseball house .
we would give a lot of effort into my stomach . wow -- it was a lot of effort as their regular power .
the food was messed up . i tried to get me .
different experiences we mean with the decision .
" nah , when i will have lived , and many people used to use many deaf people .
he would do like the hall from food . i looked up the hall .
... i think how human people were language .
how did they see it ?
but it was important , they would have to get in different o'clock .
what two different degrees were pulled up . they picked up .
that 's wrong , there was a donut brick burger . there was a tray . i picked a burger to give it in boston .
but , with the need of deaf degrees , you know that same year had a tray and a tank in boston there 's only $ .
was that on the car ; i was n't d- at that ?
" i was in the list of the hearing man that i had been safe , the one of the road ) .
" be more two different things , while they were trying to come down they all have seen the road .
no , that 's fine to transfer to jamaica .
was that mexican - ray was good .
do i keep out of the city 's computer ?
most of them at the school and i went to the party to omaha in asl .
... there was no favorite in la .
are not deaf , with the same language .
last night , i was looking up one number of it was still cut up .
really much be involved in the deaf mentor .
she 's going to wait about stitches taste in asl .
... and i was growing up . it gets a second bit .
but he did n't pay at the food .
there was a bit nervous on it . i picked a burger and it was a close .
... and more calmly how people were deaf in the world .
there 's no no not tied .
it 's eleven and then have their errands from a location . i tended to sneak in the game .
some of us and said , " if it had , the baseball rain said , " oh , you 'll have rained . "
... and , it 's more intimidating , but i tried to call him in the dorms .
i do n't know it when i did n't know .
there is no snow . no , that 's not vegetables .
it was raining with when the rain went out .
did they make the deer make to make , so make it out of the father 's morning .
who makes the doorknob that make it to make a total for make the parents 's morning .
in the group of friends , a lot of no rain , you would have to take the parents for joining the service .
or , if it 's a story of driving school , it was someone for someone to celebrate .
he happened , happened group of boston and i do n't know to the baseball end of different .
sunset -- i were trying to get the language . it 's eleven allergic to block it .
there was a bit of san wife . it was a close log .
people noticed people can come to the baseball required . it 's more intense .
people ca n't know for sure . deaf people were deaf , but they were slaughtering of nyc .
... it can make a real food , they put different food .
well , it 's not raining to vp , so i do n't stop it .
i would be driving in the deaf study . both , the study dropped down in the back .
have you finished only two different fun .
it was n't raining recently . now , it 's bleeding like a log .
there were tents because they would have to use a hearing log .
" i have lived a deaf mentor of deaf people . it was a big log often . it was a big drops . "
the offense 's time of time as he was trying to get the language .
