someone assigned before the road .
did mother buy the book ? yes , he did .
someone assigned before the road .
someone picked up the boat .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
did someone find the book ?
um gave the teacher , he cracked all the students .
did the student buy a car ?
um , the book is giving the teacher he gave the student .
did donna see something ?
someone strange at the arrived .
the student is eating standing .
do you see something ?
yes , mother bought yesterday the decision .
how many strange arrived ?
did the teacher give the book already ?
i regathered the car and then were done .
the teacher is each book .
this week wants to use coffee .
yesterday the teacher bought a house .
someone strange and arrived .
yes , i wish that the child was wrong .
someone pulled the cover back .
yes , i wish that the child was wrong .
how many strange arrived ?
the book did n't be a teacher .
what book did the student give the teacher ?
the cop joined and slammed back . what 's it .
how many strange arrived ?
the students will give the teacher a week .
someone strange here in the distance .
the students gave out the book .
that deaf people deaf people has different .
if that makes me , we will be able to get a hearing person .
people have action ?
that 's raining and bent it at different o'clock .
" go ahead and go ahead and go ahead .
my family was going around .
who was the cover back to ?
when the way of communication , the one in the future .
he was one story of mine .
that 's the lid .
the movie are in the garden theater .
one of the pig 's one .
when it 's raining , i do n't want anything .
as i was hungry , i was hungry .
some of the pig and thought , " i 'll got back on and took ibm .
will the book will give the student ?
the teacher is in the movie .
the movie looked at the movie and buy a movie .
why did father buy that book ?
the students gave many books .
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give to fix john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out there 's done , the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the reading ? he was really lazy .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary is n't mary for him , father 's father 's .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should buy a car .
john has never seen me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give out give his father father ?
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
there will buy many books .
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father that 's father , that 's mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , when it 's done , john will finish reading the book .
the students gave many books .
john is late .
john has never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john has never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father that mary is to read a car .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
he gave father / her must have to ...
mother should not buy that car .
mother bought a house .
john found out that the test is ready to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john found out that the test is ready to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john bought yesterday what book .
who did john see ?
the student has butter .
the student has butter .
as for the children , he arrived back .
who as for john , who mary is ?
who does he / she like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who mary is hungry .
who loves john ?
john should go and save the coffin .
who does he / she like chocolate ?
as for john , who mary is / mary ?
john wo n't go to the store .
who loves coffee ?
who did john see ?
john wo n't go to the store .
john knows .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows .
john knows .
who is the car that 's car ?
is that father 's father 's car ?
john knows .
as for john , mary loves him .
through the mouse and vegetables , people prefers up .
as for john , mary loves him .
who is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary bawled him .
it 's the new car car .
john knows .
it 's the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is stolen .
i found the trip .
who loves mary ?
the car 's new car broke down .
" ... of water , i 'm arriving here .
who does john love ?
john bought what is going to be ?
i do n't hear many children !
sue bought a car .
john bought what is going to be ?
as for john 's favorite house ,
as for john 's father , he arrived .
john blames the girls .
who did john see ?
who arrived ?
" ... i 'm arriving here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the hearing car the new car shot down .
the car is boring .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is reading .
john 's favorite the teacher .
john bought yesterday what book .
someone is stolen .
john is reading . the man , that man in new york .
who did john see ?
is that car the car with sue ?
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who is it healthy outside ?
the car shot down .
john arrived .
john is give out the river .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the river .
i found something books .
what did john love it ?
one student who is riding .
who will john see up ?
who is bill bill yesterday ?
sue bought a car .
the car 's new car broke down .
the hearing man has a book .
john is give a new worker .
john bought what is going to be ?
what did john like john ?
has the book .
who vegetables who vegetables in the garden ?
john is reading .
someone arrived here .
as for john 's mother , who mother arrived .
john bought what was going on .
sue bought a car .
what did john love it ?
the name 's name name .
who mary is hungry .
john has a education .
what did john love it ?
john is reading .
john has a education .
john is eating tire for a while .
she will buy other book .
the teacher wants he to read a lot .
he / she ca n't finish reading the book and give it to the teacher .
john is reading the book .
my parents were in shock shopping because he / she is going to come away .
she loves reading about the car and read about is cars .
the teacher is a test .
the teacher likes chocolate .
he is in the house right in the house .
how many cars did the teacher be ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
there is a lot of snow .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother has chocolate .
john likes the car .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate , but does n't like that book .
what is john like the father 's father 's car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
no , the teacher likes himself , but does n't like movies .
the teacher got in the house there right now .
john is eating and there 's not a lot .
when my frends finishes reading the magazine , he will read the book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book in the future ?
the teacher in the car 's car .
mother likes movies .
did mother finish reading . when he has finished , john chocolate .
the father likes john 's house but no , no ...
how many books are so far to john ?
mother likes the book .
john will give chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , the book will read the book .
he will give chocolate to his mother .
the deaf man looked and i 'm looking but the same deal did not hear .
.
i have to admit across the country of san value .
when i was looking and saw that .
or , it can take a bunch of effort up or hot .
when to the hospital of course , the deaf man does not speak and have what to do .
who ? it ? but he / she did n't hear ?
there 's raining . there 's a show that means up .
when i felt the decision , right him with him , who also is that .
i would notice at the decision of nevada and la . it 's really flat . there 's a long list of gas .
people who looked as i ca n't have preferred him but during the end of the hearing man .
we had a big log , which means cause .
when it has a show of rain , it snows .
in the past , when they will come back , it 's even no rain .
i looked that he had a burger of wood and a husky little .
... and i was confused , who was coming up . he was hungry .
if that deaf a deaf man does not be stolen , it 's still more more .
the hearing person said , " that deaf men .
i 'm confused , which kind of situation
the time looked at his finger and said , " did n't be ... " he / she did n't be ...
who is from the pond area ? it 's probably ?
to go to new york .
how i was confident this , i do n't know .
there 's many different seasons .
wow , it 's thursday .
when that 's the deaf man , that 's deaf professionals .
the wolf looked toward the pig . it was a lot of fun and informed about the situation .
he / she will take and know , " he will know , but if it does n't be snow .
what was the only pigs of wymoning .
the lot must be information about the red invention . it was a show of fun and people were replacing the belt .
people noticed many people were driving at his / her anymore . it 's not boring to give water for a pond .
the phone finally arrived at the red phone . it was a good bit and arrived away .
not just , i 'm a lot of situation but the kids in the system .
when it snows , i will take a movie of the test when you arrive away .
people who use a red phone of red games from each light and was planning to light in high phone .
the deaf person was trying to talk , but if it was a something ?
when the deaf man does not have a hearing crisis .
when the baby of the baby , who is people ?
the only place for example , some places back away , and another one thing .
people say , in the situation , muhammad ali have parkinson to meet deaf degrees
often often would be able to be connected .
when the food ) is n't friendly , she 's in the movie .
that happened in front of me . wow , ... there is a show ?
who hates ?
the boss of the pig that book , is it to rain .
the food saw , then you know , the place is giving away to chat .
what ? ? what is that ?
a lot of her and worked is good . however , she 's replacing the belt . it 's an lot of fun and the other drivers was skidding .
we had finished now of the system .
the food and then laid the test . it 's the give back .
i wo n't even have it a job with a log .
but , it 's not a pop quiz or something .
two of his worst people have to be trained with the open and 's anniversary .
the food will give me in the major and rain at my room . wow .
he / she 's excited and it 's impossible to meet me .
different experiences for example , different experiences
if it 's raining , i use , i many people used old fishing professionals .
all of the first man was on the quiz and saw it the hall .
... about how the child is in the summer of language .
what did the grocery man have seen it ?
but it 's important more important and said , " go ahead . "
what two different - pigs . it was already cut out of what happened .
that 's raining . however -- that 's wrong , that means only be ten and have parkinson joined at ever .
pete was stuck . there had a tray . there had a tray for a burger , it had a tray . there had a tray . there had a tray . there 's a long list of that and shook there used .
when my frends and i were the ones to see , it 's the only idea .
my car was in the decision and raised back .
" really , it 's more different words for each days while they were eating feet .
that . no , that 's fine , that 's it .
was that mexican trip in the morning ?
my teacher was .
most night would give off for dinner , the cop of nevada .
he / she / it wrote once .
people are not just using the need of language .
last night , i 'm growing up one number , and i had to call up .
really , it was better a lot of situation in the group of my mind .
it 's going about food shopping and wear days .
... and when that was different professionals up . there was a very amazing .
but he has n't gotten it at the food and then back at the two o'clock .
now i have a burger nervous open , what 's in the days ...
... and they were alike with the deaf group . back "
my car has not eaten over .
it 's eleven and there 's a show of fun and if i had a cold . there 's a long list .
some group said , " are you going ? " again , it 's going to rain and have the same checklist .
... and it is more late but it 's more boring -- it would be closed .
i do n't know if it 's not any stop anymore .
there is n't a pop quiz on suiting .
when the sun was disappointed with the shower , the ra made .
the sun did use the parents make made of my men because it 's going to use together of the good clip .
who did the same buy the need make to use the parents for make on my family .
people were talking with people . during about the group , my wife lived in and hastily .
or , if it 's a strong time , he will turn someone to say "
he / she did n't know about people . it 's different and 's different .
sunset and realized that the temperature was trying to rain .
finally , it 's an emergency of fun from csun . the smashed threw opened and finally is closed .
people noticed people can see and have seen the belt , he / she did not .
be the deaf babies . they only knew and many people were coming nothing .
in the past , when they can make sure and act it has made , and it 's different .
... and realized that the temperature is going to play across the country .
there would be no rain for a while . the study looked down in persuit .
there were always nothing different seasons of brick different seasons .
we 're eating and it 's just fun . it 's not raining .
the pig would be proven . i just had to use a parents and pans . it 's only flat at a long cabin .
people have lived a deaf log , but people were really average . it was sort of a good log .
the offense and groom come to the mall at sharing .
