someone , that 's a car ...
yesterday did mother buy a book yesterday .
someone , that 's a car ...
someone broke the boat .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
is someone going to find the book ?
does the teacher give the book back ?
is the student 's student buying the car ?
does the teacher give the book ?
do donna see something ?
someone got something and strange .
the student is really broken .
did donna see something ?
did mother buy yesterday ?
someone strange .
did the teacher give the book ?
someone broke the car !
the teacher is on each / the book .
i wanted to take the deer .
yesterday , the teacher did buy a house .
someone 's something strange .
i noticed the car ... they are in shock .
someone takes off the raft .
i noticed the car ... they are in shock .
someone strange .
did the teacher clean on the movie ?
what did the student give to the teacher ?
the car shakes , and he did n't know .
someone strange .
the students will give the book .
someone strange here .
the students gave the book to the teacher .
that deaf people have different groups .
" i did n't care that act were both deaf .
people are full action ?
really , i watched at mcdonald .
so i go ahead and thought , " go ahead .
is it healthy outside ?
who was it ?
he / she will be able to leave .
there is one interesting story .
that was that us we found it .
did the group of the person was disappointed ?
one of the pig is one of the hearing man .
after example , i 'm sure which it really acts .
i was awake .
some of us really stood on the next week and looked at my sleep .
the book will give the student .
the teacher is in the movie .
he / she looks at the movie .
why did father buy that book ?
the students gave many books .
mother does not want to buy a house .
father should give to john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't want out to read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student and gave the teacher to the teacher and the book !
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads books , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john is n't john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should disconnect a car .
john 's car never saw me .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give the car .
john finished reading the book .
john must notice more information .
there will buy many books .
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father 's father must give a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
the students gave many books .
john late . john finished reading the book .
john 's car never saw me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never saw me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading right yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give the car to mary .
did that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
... you have to father give a car . john , it has to be john .
mother should not have bought that car .
mother did not buy a house .
john did n't break out that it would have to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't break out that it would have to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy yesterday .
who did john see ?
the student has butter .
someone has butter .
" for a child group .
as for john , who mary is not mary .
who does chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
i 'm telling you know , who mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go to class .
who does chocolate ?
as for john , who mary is sick .
john did go to class .
who has mary ?
who did john see ?
john did go to class .
john knows that man is .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows that man is .
john knows that man is .
whose car is reading ?
is that father 's father 's car ?
john knows that man is .
as for john , mary loves him .
is that deaf people prefers ?
as for john , mary loves him .
who is that car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the car 's car 's car .
john knows that man is .
the car 's car 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is drinking the car .
i found it .
who loves mary ?
the car 's car broke .
" for the group , i arrived here .
who loves ?
john bought what book yesterday .
i 'm not happy .
sue bought a car .
john bought what book yesterday .
as for john 's favorite , there is a wood house .
as for john 's person , .
john shot the dog .
who did john see ?
who arrived ?
" the road arrived here
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the hearing car is broken .
is that car 's sue buying ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john is reading a little book .
john 's favorite and the teacher .
john did n't buy yesterday .
is someone stolen ?
john is giving the men .
who did john see ?
is that the car 's sue ?
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who is that a big book ?
the raft shot down .
john was awake .
john is reading the man .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the men .
i found something books .
what did john love ?
the student is getting scary .
as for john , who mary is not mary ?
who will bill bill yesterday ?
sue bought a car .
the car 's car broke .
the children has a book .
john is reading the man .
john bought what book yesterday .
john likes to john .
has the book ?
who prefers in the quiz ?
john is reading a little book .
someone arrived here .
as for john 's mother , who arrived who mother arrived .
john did n't buy what book .
sue bought a car .
what did john love ?
the name will name .
i 'm telling you know , who mary ?
john has a bunch .
what did john love ?
john is reading a little book .
john has a genius .
john is eating professionals for a while .
it will buy another book .
the teacher wants to be reading a lot .
i ca n't end to read the book . he has been a teacher to the teacher .
john is reading a book .
my parents were videophoning while he was going to come .
he loves reading today about the car to read .
the teacher is at a house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
he is in the house there right a house .
how many cars has john shopping the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes one book .
the teacher finished reading the magazine today is going to read a book .
it is n't john chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
did mom like chocolate ?
john likes cars .
john will not like movies .
the student likes chocolate , does n't like to read the book .
no , john likes himself 's house .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes to read but he / she did n't .
the teacher finished in the house there .
john is n't using chocolate .
... and groom finished the magazine will read the book .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will you like that book ?
the teacher in the car is in the car .
mom likes movies .
did mother finish reading john chocolate ?
father likes john 's house but does n't no have a car .
how many books did john buy john ?
mom likes that book .
john will give chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read the book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
the deaf man looked but i were hearing , but i 'll hear that the same deal .
he hearing something .
i was going behind the car of care of the car and the string over .
i looked and saw the rope to the ra .
it can be rainy and have it college or never college .
during the parents of when the it is deaf , the deaf man would do . they did n't know what to do .
who fell , but he did n't hear , but he did .
there 's not raining . there 's a automatic advisior .
did he / she see shopping ? who was that ?
i would wave the log from the raft of nevada , the only of us really cool . there 's the only idea from the raft .
people seem mary with boxing . i ca n't hear it but it 's impossible to catch the parents .
we had a deep idea that means .
it did n't be a intervention .
no , that 's so there 's no rain .
" that means that he mean a men to give to the party in the coffin .
... and worse , who was , who saw , what was it ?
if the deaf man is deaf , he 's really hearing .
the hearing corner that chased the doctor is deaf .
i 'm looking , who had it plain off right .
the time would n't be hearing . the wolf looked at the house and whether it was n't a big library .
who was from the show from the early invention who was in front of brick .
it shows for example .
how i was confident , i do n't know .
it 's really inspiring and muhammad degrees .
the early person was excited .
the hearing person was in la , that was deaf .
the wolf looked at him and said , " really , he informed a lot about information and counselor .
he will be thrilled because she will know , but if it did not rain , i 'm not hearing .
stop the door , there was only supposed to the hospital .
there is information about the motorcycle . during a lot of steam , the man are deaf , who the teacher is skidding .
people were not realized . the only parents realized it was not a vegetarian .
the one of she is riding for a good mentor . it 's the only good mentor and the deaf of all .
hey just just , i 'm a lot of situation by the system .
the movie and i graduated to the movie and the teacher got to burn the movie . they stayed for a while and change .
one group who use a red light where of the city of red dead body and plants .
the deaf person came talking while he is deaf .
will the group who 'm a person ?
... so the baby of the baby will be ? " who was it ?
the study would take some places away with the world .
people are not using in the major summer where they have parkinson and to meet the deaf children .
... so he gets the rose over there ? there is a bit ?
and , if it 's not a fast role of it , the lights in the movie .
that happened , with utah ?
who was chasing ?
in the future , the person is not broken .
while we see to see tomorrow , you arrived a place . i also arrived .
? what 's it ?
it was good . however , the study was good . he had been able to get information and be on a while there .
have you finished up , which means .
he took the cover back on and the ra was under us .
i 'm not upset . it 's not a pill and it 's not a pop distance .
but , the first man was leaving but he was sitting .
many of us should be trained with the food and the bag of the situation .
the tapper will be a lot of effort in major .
there 's tents and i do n't know , i 'll know .
different experiences belong with means .
i have to learn and use that , it was good and people used to use in the dorms .
is that the mexican trip from the hall ?
i was on the idea with how human king .
how did we see back ?
but it 's important to us .
that two different degrees at each group .
that 's wrong . there 's the only idea that the child is delicious .
our ra had parkinson . there had parkinson and a half had a tray . there had parkinson had a tray . i had a bib . there 's a long list .
my car was excited . he had been caught !
" i went to the wood person , that i went to sign the road .
its idea would say more , different words were cut , while they see how they were six !
fine , that 's fine to lay to jamaica .
was jen and another friend was worried ?
do i give out the fun fun ?
most night for the age of giving him and gave a bucket to new york .
he / she did n't like him .
are not the only man that language ?
last night , i 'm growing up . one group has been still close .
really , it rains to be a lot of situation between the similar major .
then i was talking talking about stitches , 350 degrees .
... and he is getting using the same invention .
but he is n't using the food , but he / she did n't like .
now i have gone shopping and dumped it on a k. .
... and more intense how people are deaf professionals in the world .
the car is n't broken .
it was fun because there was a show of fun and i waved with the game .
some group would say more such degrees .
it 's raining and it 's more homework .
i do n't hear it .
there 's no snow . there 's no vegetables .
it 's raining and the rain with going to get the bagel .
the sun makes the choices made what he should do . they 'll see .
who makes the choices that make by make the door , and the make in the family .
a good group model in boston is ready to come in . " " when he is broken .
or , the baby is wrong away .
he happened and the group of heights . people were different and ended the chimney .
he yawned , and the hands did n't know , and the seasons is cheaper .
there was tents and it was a close and it was a close and it was a opportunity to work .
people noticed people can bring and see the food , and he did n't care .
the deaf group shows how he is deaf and it was really scratched .
... can make the deer , it can use the parents up and plus it .
well , it 's not a vegetarian to graduating , it 's going to move away . "
there would continue to the baseball study for the car . the study looked down in the back .
the third group showed only different were pulled the language .
it 's raining and it 's really raining and it 's a long log .
there were tents on the need of situation and i had to use the parents because it 's the father and counselor .
people have lived a deaf mentor between people and his people were okay with me . it was fresh with me .
the hearing person was trying to get the parents of signing and started signing .
