someone , we are lapd , what are you chasing ?
yesterday did mother buy a book yesterday .
someone , we are lapd , what are you chasing ?
someone , i do n't know , " what drop .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books found the book ?
no , the teacher gave the book , and the students in the age and the student .
did the student who buy the car ?
um , that is the reading teacher and the students to give .
see for see , they saw something ?
someone got something and arrived to the car .
the students are really standing .
do you see something ?
yes , mother bought yesterday finished .
someone strange how he arrived .
did the teacher give the book to the student ?
someone , i noticed the car in california .
the teacher is on each siren .
i wanted to see the end of the semester .
yesterday , the teacher bought a house .
someone 's something arrived .
someone was sitting on the food states .
someone takes off the pigs .
someone was sitting on the food states .
someone strange how he arrived .
the cop will be disappointed for the teacher .
what did the student give to the teacher ?
someone are shocked that they both know .
someone strange how he arrived .
did the student buy the book ?
someone strange here he arrived here .
the student gave out the book and gave it to the teacher .
that deaf people have different .
i did n't be thrilled that act both both people will be hearing .
people are full action .
she looked at my homework .
so you go ahead and thought , " wow .
is it healthy ?
in the event of her , who was it ?
in the future , when the hit man will be in the back .
there is one of the stitches 's pigs .
that 's it was that .
the hearing person said , " i 'm not watching out .
one thing that i was one of the ways .
when for the short , when it rains , i will be full away .
i was awake .
some of us were driving and some knew back on and talked .
each of the students will give him to the student .
the teacher is in movies .
he / she the it looked at the movies and buying a book .
why did father buy that book ?
the students gave many books .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give the classroom 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has found out of the chimney finished the book .
i never seen john 's car 's car .
the student gave the reading that book , he was really lazy !
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary is n't john 's father 's car .
the student 's father 's father bought a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should have a barbeque car .
john 's car did not see me .
that book , john finished reading yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give his father that father is father 's father 's father .
john has reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
if many books will john buy john ?
will mom read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father 's father 's car that mary 's father is mary .
which did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class today , john finished reading the book now .
the students gave many books .
john late late finished the book .
john 's car did not see me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car did not see me .
why should mom buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father that mary has to be a car .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
they have to be a big car that john is john 's car .
mom should n't have bought that car .
mother did n't buy a house .
when john finds out there will be the test , it 's you to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be the test , it 's you to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john did n't buy yesterday ?
who did john see mary ?
the student has fun .
someone has fun .
" women arrive .
john gave the classroom , kicks mary ?
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
i told the pigs yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the store .
who likes chocolate ?
john has just seen the classroom , but mary is n't mary .
john went to the store .
who tells mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john went to the store .
john knows that man there is john .
john is n't guilty .
that is john 's car .
john knows that man there is john .
john knows that man there is john .
who is a car ?
is that 's father 's car ?
john knows that man there is john .
john shot him / her / it .
in the deaf babies , they can prefer people .
john loves him .
who is that car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's father 's car .
that ( john 's car is john 's father 's car .
john is eating food ( he / john ) .
the car 's car 's car .
john knows that man there is john .
his car is car .
john is n't guilty .
that is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is drinking the car .
i found the classroom book .
who tells mary ?
the car 's car broke down .
the cop said " and he arrived here .
who did john love ?
john did n't buy what book yesterday .
how many people are taking something to read ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy what book yesterday .
i already at john 's house .
john 's wood arrived .
john gave the cover .
who did john see ?
who arrived ?
" women arrive here in here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
john loves him / her / it .
john is reading a book .
the car is broken . the car 's car broke down .
is that car the car sue ?
john likes mary .
john is holding a little book .
john 's favorite and the teacher .
john did n't buy yesterday ?
someone is drinking the car .
john is giving the men back .
who did john see ?
is that car the car sue ?
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who is cooking by a k. ?
the sun is broken . the car 's broken .
john arrived .
john is giving that man in the book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving that man : in the family .
i found something books .
what did john love ?
one student who prefers me .
as for john , who mary is mary .
who will bill bill yesterday ?
sue bought a car .
the car 's car broke down .
the children has a book .
john is giving that man using a new drops .
john did n't buy what book yesterday .
john likes what did john like ?
has the book ?
who alcohol in a quiz ?
john is holding a little book .
someone arrived here .
john 's mother arrived who mother arrived .
john did n't buy what book .
sue bought a car .
what did john love ?
the name will name .
i told the pigs yesterday ?
john has a bunch .
what did john love ?
john is holding a little book .
john has a bunch .
john is eating tire for a while .
it will buy another book .
the teacher wants him to read a lot .
i ca n't finish reading the book and give it to the teacher .
john is a reading house right now .
my parents were in the age of the raft and people come to come ,
he / she really read about the car and read about the car .
the teacher is at the teacher there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is that the teacher in the house ...
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
the father likes one of the books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now there is now reading a book .
it is john 's mother 's mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is n't working chocolate .
john likes cars books .
john will like the movie .
the student likes chocolate , but does n't like to read the book .
what is john 's father 's car 's car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes to come but he / she did n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house there ...
john is n't using chocolate .
the clothes finishes reading the magazine later and read the book later .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is n't in the house .
will you like that book ?
the teacher is in general .
mom likes movies .
john has already finished john chocolate .
the father likes john 's house but he did n't like no .
how many books did john finish at john ?
mom likes that book .
john will give chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read the book .
john will give chocolate his mother .
the deaf man looked at the house , i 'll hear him .
" that word is today .
i wish across the north of nyc , the questions of steam were given to give across the country .
when i watched that , the wolf was willing , but he was n't hearing .
or , it can be that ? have it or never hot ?
so , when in the class , when they were deaf , the deaf man tried to come together , and they do n't know what to do .
who finishes , but he did n't hear , but he did .
there were tents , there were a bit that means to be trained all night .
when he / she did n't have seen the haunted of that , who was it with that .
the food 's favorite his job from the raft of nevada , it was really supposed to be an real deal of the car and there is a really airline , i`m stuck because the family is skidding .
the other group looked pregnant ; they ca n't hear , but that end of the car is .
we had a beautiful idea , that means .
when it is a show , there 's a long bit game .
no , that 's so la 's only small .
that means that means we mean the men to give the parents of the chimney .
... and , if the baseball csun , who was lapd see , well , who was really feet .
if that deaf a deaf person feels , he is n't hearing .
the hearing person that we are deaf in the back .
who was the same wood slow and plain slow right .
the time looked at the house and then his finger would n't be hearing .
it was fun from the cruiser area who was delicious .
it shows for example .
how i was surprised , i do n't know what to do .
there 's really have a show in boston ...
i was disappointed by different o'clock .
the deaf person that 's deaf , as he is deaf , and they 're deaf .
the wolf looked at my major culture and said , " really , no . oh well , fine and counselor about my major culture .
he will be thrilled because she will be thrilled because she ca n't hear . but , i ca n't hear .
i went back in the door , what 's really true .
there are information about the grass you can to be a test , but if it does the baseball man who have been disappointed , the baseball man thought " and finally .
people were not looking , but if they were n't the same at example , like for example .
the three pigs is a good tire ; he looks up and looks a good phone .
i 'm not just , but it 's a lot of effort .
to be the movie in the movie when it smashed in the movie , and he arrived to visit the parents of the exam you will serve and change the house .
one group who use red games in the back of a light of hours and a kid are red and a tiny phone ; in high phone .
the deaf person said , " you know , if he has been hearing , but something is deaf .
when for the deaf person , a deaf man .
so , the baby of the baby chased who people were , well , who was really lazy .

people are in my major summer often have parkinson to meet deaf york .
no , that 's wrong , what 's so ?
when the food is n't driving , they will give him to the movie in the movie .
that happened , mike , there is too ?
who was chasing ?
the cop will be in the trip , and he is n't proficient .
i looked at food and then the place of the train , they both arrived on ...
what is that ? no , that 's much ?
it was a good call , or when the three in the room of nevada , more or 4 people . it was a lot of fun .
have you already finished that , the service system .
the food walks in the reporter of the chimney 's tail .
i could n't be thrilled if it 's a show with a bit to give out of the car .
but , the car is n't broken , or 's education .
people are going to be expensive with the food and the bag of the situation .
i held my finger would give a lot of effort in major .
the only pigs ended into the brick house . i did n't know ...
they stayed with means with means .
i will understand and use that the child people were living through the deaf mentor .
is that the tire from the raft , and the hall in the hall 's hall .
... at how the child is in the summer of language .
how did the same pigs see ?
but , it is important to come in different , and they tried to come in different .
that two different toys at each corner .
that 's wrong , there is a tray and everything 's culture of cohesiveness where they 're welcome , too .
but , in the meeting , a lot of gesture that same - had parkinson 's life and it had a tray too .
when my ra starts to go out that it was that ?
" i went to the wood invention that i express fine , " the road said , " the road said , and he 's signing .
the idea of all more two things were cut , they were coming to see the road .
fine , fine , fine , they ca n't know and have them transferred to jamaica .
the pigs was really been disappointed , it was good .
one is that the hit corner of the some of some of them .
most night , there is the side of their tail .
he / she did n't like his favorite .
people are not the only door that language in the family .
when it 's the name of the only one , but i tried to catch you close and slept at it .
really , much involves until the decision in that kind of communication .
it 's a name about dinner , 350 before it 's a thinking of effort .
... and called his men up in the same invention .
but , for the example , there 's only two winner .
now i have been trying to give the stitches , then they had a culture with him on .
" and more people are deaf , how people are deaf in the world .
the car did n't know , but you do n't know .
it 's eleven and there 's only his finger of the motorcycle . there 's a long injections .
some group would be hearing , but if it has the baseball number , the crashed and people have the collided .
... and , it 's sort of situation , but i 'm trying to be disappointed .
i do n't hear it 's ironic about it .
there are no waiters on utah and vegetables , it 's boring .
it 's raining and the rain with going to fix the parents .
the sun made what to make a lot of guys when he did not make a lot of connection .
who makes the doorknob that makes by making the door , and they went in the family .
in the raft , my friends asked them would have lived the parents for joining the job .
or or if it 's a thinking , i think it was someone for someone .
the pigs happened in the race , and they do n't know , they 're different .
dana was coughing ; the leaves of them smashed . it smashed them close , and vegetables they are cheaper .
there was tents and ended the chimney , audiologist before it was a bit of fun and working .
people noticed people can also see the food , and he did n't they .
people gave his men that the deaf of them were able of brick of nyc and cognitive .
it can make a lot of food and just use it .
he / she is n't using the need of the need to go across the country .
i would continue in the culture of the study because the family had a deaf deal of now .
then you know , if they have been different , two different seasons .
it 's really raining once now , it 's really cut .
there were tents set back into the morning and then i had a bucket with the pond and saw the parents off and the same worker .
people lived a deaf mentor where people will be big seafood , but in california , it 's fresh seafood .
the boss will be hearing , the boss of the sack ; the language started sign language .
