someone was n't able to figure it out of the party .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone was n't able to figure it out of the party .
... happens a hill ...
the girls bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
has your books closed ?
the student came in and the students to read .
has the student been car shopping lately(all this time ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
do you want to see someone ?
has someone seen joan ?
the student is lousy today .
do you want to see someone ?
did mother buy a car yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
has the teacher been reading the book ?
does your friend go to the party ?
the teacher enjoys reading the book .
why do you want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
has someone seen joan ?
does your friend like surprises ?
the man was giving the girls boxes .
does your friend like surprises ?
has someone seen joan ?
the students contributed money to buy the teacher a book .
when the students start listen to the teacher , he will give it to the teacher .
my wife was messed up .
has someone seen joan ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
john arrived at the bike .
the students contributed books to the teacher read .
the deaf man wondered whether deaf people can drive .
the hearing man got into the car , the deaf man started to speed up .
people is good today .
the meat is n't lousy today .
do you want to travel ?
it 's the only thing .
we were working , and people fell off the raft .
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? oh it 's boston ?
what 's the name of the city where bu is ?
the deaf man turned into the car .
the clothes finishes at the movie .
there was a lound banging behind through the road .
the reporter asked ali 's wife if he was alright .
it 's the only thing .
the reporter asked muhammad ali a simple question .
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is in the movies there right now .
the student made the student to buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has the students have ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give that car there .
the student 's mother bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has never taken off for work when he realized he left his license .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student was just standing and it 's fine .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that ( mary ) is john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should buy a car .
john 's car broke up .
that book has john finished reading soon .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john , will john buy a car ?
john has finish reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read that book .
about how many books will john buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must buy a car for mary .
which house will the student 's father buy ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has the students have ?
john just finished reading the book .
john 's car broke up .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke up .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john , john , must buy a car for mary .
that book has john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
you have to father 's car and gave it to john .
should mother buy a car ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out there wo n't be a test , he usually takes away .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there wo n't be a test , he usually takes away .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy yesterday .
who has john 's drive ?
the students are singing .
does someone have a barbeque party ?
where is the grocery store ?
as for john , who saw him ?
who does he / she like ?
sue 's car is jane .
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to the book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my umbrella , who was mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does he / she like ?
john 's favorite ( food / vegetable ) is corn .
john should go .
who failed the exam ?
who has john 's drive ?
john should go .
john is giving the man boxes .
as for john , mary is him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john is giving the man boxes .
john is giving the man boxes .
whose car is that ?
is that car there any ?
john is giving the man boxes .
john is giving mary .
the girls are giving jana toys .
john is constantly tired .
that car is broken .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john is giving the girl to read .
his keys is lousy .
john is giving the man boxes .
his car is broken .
as for john , mary is him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car is jane .
i tend to read the book .
who failed mary ?
the car is broken .
why do you have any imac ?
who loves john ?
john bought a car yesterday and saw it to ( his ) mother .
why are they chasing me ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a car yesterday and saw it to ( his ) mother .
john is giving a grass house .
john 's favorite ( food / vegetable ) is corn .
john used to play pinball .
who did he see ?
who arrived late ?
in the future ,
who arrived late ?
sue 's car is jane .
as for john , mary is him .
john finished reading the book .
the cop 's car broke down .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play and books .
john just figured out a solution .
john did n't buy yesterday .
someone 's favorite someone .
john used to be a football player .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
as for the mouse , who 's driving ?
the car is broken .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john , books is arriving .
who loves john ?
john used to be a football player . he was great !
i found out of the friends ...
what 's john 's former ?
is that car on the farm ?
john see who mary loves .
as for my umbrella , bill loves him ?
sue 's car is jane .
the car is broken .
how many books does the game ?
john is giving the girl to read a good while .
john bought a car yesterday and saw it to ( his ) mother .
as for the turkey sandwich , john devoured it .
he / she is a book .
who failed new york ?
john used to play and books .
has someone seen joan ?
who 's mother buying a car ?
john did n't buy a house .
sue 's car is jane .
what 's john 's former ?
the car is broken .
as for my umbrella , who was mary ?
john has deleted the file .
what 's john 's former ?
john used to play and books .
john takes off at seven o'clock .
john used to play every morning .
after for done , when he / he / it will buy a book ?
the teacher wants to buy the movie .
when the hit is made of football , the students can learn to buy a book .
john is a house in the future .
my parents makes the reading book but he is going to give it to work .
... that he is crazy in the l.a .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read .
john , gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate to john .
john likes chocolate .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
why is n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes movies , but the movie .
the teacher has been reading the grass .
john has just given chocolate to mother .
after the winter , the teacher arrived home .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if he / she / it will eat that ?
the teacher is broken .
mom likes movies .
you have already seen john 's car .
dad likes john 's car , like it .
it 's only far to read john , and books .
mother likes that book .
john , in the future , did john give ( his ) father chocolate !
when the teacher finishes reading the test , he / she will read a book .
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
the deaf person said , " oh i see ! my parents are deaf " . i deaf .
what is that videogame tennessee ?
really , i ended up getting arrested for that ?
the cop said , " oh i see ! my parents are deaf " .
it can create an opportunity for the other team to arrive ahead and moved south to the post office .
so , it 's important to be how bill i`ll move away , and the parents will start to move away to start mph .
ask for directions ?
the hearing person gestured that the deaf person was driving and started to speed again .
near the wheel , when he is made that silber , he / she talks a lot .
his wife fell through his games , separated his shoulder , sprained both his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
the reporter was just thrown to the meat , said , " i am just teasing , who 's two ? "
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
... for more than seven years .
the parents would yell and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , we are missing .
therefore , the cat that chased the dog ...
it was close through who was close away . who was it ?
if he is deaf , but he / she will communicate and pen .
the screening shows that the baby was deaf .
the cop said , " ok ? " as he yelled . " one , his meat thinks that he / she is perfectly fine .
one night , three of us went upstairs -- we lived on second floor ,
from now on , lapd 's only bad today .
... for more than seven years .
i have never heard of that kind of situation here in boston .
the family lived on a farm .
i was driving through the country .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family began made the decision and said , " ok , that 's fine . " he took a deep breath and blew at the campground .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun .
in la , the weather tends to be " flat"--75 or 80 degrees , sunny and dry , every day .
we stayed at a restaurant , and the ra started struggling to get the door and thought , " really , fine . " he took a deep breath and blew at the campground .
a wolf was getting more angry . " it 's important to inform the parents more calmly . " " it 's important to inform the parents that hard or not to not be fined for it . "
the first of course , the fruits is farther away .
not just in the hospitals , but anyway ...
it 's important to not have a big deal .
here in boston , of course it 's important to seem , bad and motorcycles .
deaf of the deaf person said , " you know , the deaf person said he could n't hear . "
mother will give out a book .
that 's how powerful the language , it 's important to have how move on my stomach .
... for more than seven years ,
people were tents , and people were trouble makers . it 's important .
... so , that 's how tennessee is the same link of meetings 's life .
in december his show , no , the fruits is awful ; the sun is not lousy gold . it 's not bad .
what 's the same of the group that chased the dog that is ?
who supports new york ?
if that will la is a baby , will they buy that ?
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what is a car ? "
she asked , " really ? "
" the wolf asked , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? " i said , " nah , i 've a bumps on but the three pigs said " ok , fine , " and the three of us have decided to move across and south with her .
i have to take the test again .
the meeting began to include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only five years .
they could cause problems for another ra , residence counselor , you know , the one who checks up on the dorms .
but you know , there is the only legal against mine .
there are many things to compare a parents for the deaf mentor , you hate the deaf mentor . without you imagine that ?
the third behind behind in the country , really , wow .
the waitress said , " oh . which do you prefer ? " i said i wanted paper and pen , haha .
... for more than seven years .
some , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family .
the family would yell but really , wow .
the ra came on and talked into my ear .
have , muhammad ali found my hand ,
but , they have huge grass area here .
that 's only typical of wymoning .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , too frequently .
she was n't afraid of heights , but he is n't fine .
near the end of the semester , i can not socialize as much .
our cousin , i do n't know , the girls will learn .
the donut tire only lasts for 50 miles so i really had to pull over .
that 's the name of the city that bu is n't mine .
near the end of the semester , i can not socialize as much .
it was close by , twenty minutes away away .
our cousin , i mean , the lapd who checks up on the farm .
it is perfect , but the girl was just hard .
near the end of the semester , they are not any of them .
especially when football is the only legal sport where you can hit someone that hard and not get fined for it .
really , i ended up getting arrested for that ?
now today , there 's no homework .
the tables behind on the country , the hall coordinator .
but , they still took lapd 's word against rodney king 's .
i just asked it was eleven guys hitting the eleven guys .
here ( in boston ) , they have different different sizes .
why do n't we buy an imac ?
near the end of the semester , it 's important to hang out .
their thing of the cat that rear - ended me .
... and here in boston is it healthy ? i just have to stay and stay in the dorm .
there were no cops . they do n't know -- anything ,
our cousin , wow , there 's a missing storm .
... was stuck under the boat and could not breathe for a while .
the hearing person gestured that he / she does n't want to buy a dance .
that ? is that she 's favorite meat ?
when it 's near the end of the rain , it 's very humid here .
they will make sure if you host butter , will ask him to start ?
he had made a videotape of himself riding on one wheel at 80 mph !
the tapper thrusts his hand into his victim 's body and pulls out the heart . he picks up the body and started to climb down . his tail hung down under him . the fire burned beneath him .
it 's the same idea with siberian tigers . it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's the same idea .
the deaf person said , " can we ask the deaf person that " can not ask a deaf mentor . "
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear at the deaf mentor to intervene and deaf people .
a hearing person thought , " hearing , he can communicate , " . that 's it that ...
the tables behind on the country , the hall coordinator is awful .
people would be flooding . if now in la , school is n't cancelled .
most , i have lived there for around almost three years .
cool , it 's important to have diversity in the summer . unfortunately , it 's important to hang out .
... perfect , the weather tends to be " flat"--75 or 3 or 4 degrees .
the parents have proven that a deaf child and asked , " really ? " wow . " wow . "
the metal corner was utah . the wolf threw himself out of the car ; he flew out .
