someone is n't sure what to do .
did mother buy a book ?
someone is n't sure what to do .
what 's the name of the city ?
mother bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone is eating .
the teacher came out and saw the book .
did the student buy a car already ?
the teacher came out and saw the teacher a book .
are the clothes on ?
has someone seen joan ?
the student is in the house .
did the see something ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
how many books did the teacher give the teacher ?
someone fell out of the party ....
the teacher is getting cancelled .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
has someone seen joan ?
it was really inspiring . i just ate it .
the sun rises , is really dry .
it was really inspiring . i just ate it .
has someone seen joan ?
the students exchanged books but not movies .
when the student is n't broken , the student will make him a book .
my heart was beating up .
has someone seen joan ?
the students exchanged books , but the students do n't .
john arrived at seven o'clock .
the students exchanged books , but the students do n't .
that is that the baby is deaf .
the three pigs said , " no , we 'll see about that . hit . "
the air is lousy .
the sun is really hard .
you have to ...
it is the only thing .
" nah , who is an man ? "
what is the name of the city where bu is ? bustun ?
what is they chasing the words ?
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? oh it 's boston ?
the movie is really scary .
there is a lound banging , and the house shakes .
the reporter arrived on the fire and it grew .
it is n't important .
really , everything was fine ; the girl was worried .
how many books will the student read ?
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher made the student to buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give you a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john is going to win the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the house was still standing ; it 's fine .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that girl john 's father must give a car to john .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should n't buy a car .
did john break the window ?
john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john is going to buy a car .
john has not finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father bought a house to give her to buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
john just finished reading the book .
did john break the window ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
did john break the window ?
why should mother buy a car ?
if that 's pineapple cream cheese then john will read the book .
john has finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give the car to john .
john has finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
you have to buy a car for john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out to hit the internet , he wo n't eat the bagel .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out to hit the internet , he wo n't eat the bagel .
did john finish reading the book ?
john just bought a new house .
who saw john ?
the students are singing .
does the party tonight ?
where is the grocery store ?
as for john , who was it ?
who does he like chocolate ?
is sue and sue bought a car ?
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to john .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who was cooking dinner ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does he like chocolate ?
he 's favorite ( food / vegetable ) is corn .
john should go .
who failed the exam ?
who saw john ?
john should go .
john is giving the girl boxes .
as for john , he says ( he ) is corn .
that was john 's car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is giving the girl boxes .
who is the car ?
is that car there any father 's ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is giving the girls boxes .
people are giving jana toys .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who is the car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john is giving the girls boxes .
the car is broken .
john is giving the girl boxes .
the car is broken .
as for john , he says ( he ) is corn .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone bought the car .
i want to go and movies .
who failed john ?
the car is broken .
why do you have an imac ? ?
who loves john ?
john bought a car yesterday and gave him a ticket .
why are they chasing the tree ?
is sue and sue bought a car ?
john bought a car yesterday and gave him a ticket .
john is giving the wood house .
john 's favorite ( his / vegetable ) is corn .
john is eating .
who did he see ?
who arrived late ?
have the children arrived before ?
who arrived late ?
is sue and sue bought a car ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
john used to read a book .
the cop are giving the car .
the car is that ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play football because the lights went out .
john is waiting until .
john just bought a new house .
someone is cooking wood .
john just finished his work .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is n't broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
as for the mouse , who was it ?
the hearing man is driving .
john 's working .
john is giving the pigs boxes .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is n't able to finish his job .
i went ahead and got back on the raft .
what did he hit me ?
did the student that chases the dog ?
john saw mary and just seen mary .
who saw my keys ?
is sue and sue bought a car ?
the car is broken .
the teacher is just finished to the library .
john is giving the cop boxes . he 's lucky .
john bought a car yesterday and gave him a ticket .
as for the turkey , john devoured it .
he works at the movie .
who failed the exam ?
john used to play football because the lights went out .
someone arrived home ?
who 's mother ?
john just bought a new house .
is sue and sue bought a car ?
what did he hit me ?
it is empty .
who was cooking dinner ?
john has deleted the file .
what did he hit me ?
john used to play football because the lights went out .
john left at four o'clock .
john used to play football .
when you are going to buy a house ?
the teacher enjoys reading but not movies .
i think he / she is perfectly fine .
john is a doctor in the house .
my parents makes the reading required . it 's important to fine all day .
the sun is farther away .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is n't house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and books .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a magazine afterwards .
the student is giving mother boxes .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes a teacher .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like to read but he / she does n't like like chocolate .
what is john 's car like chocolate ?
john is n't like chocolate .
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher liked the movie but the student did n't .
the teacher will give each a house .
john is giving the mother boxes .
the game finishes before he 's funny .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if he / she / it is hungry , he / she will eat it .
the teacher gave each student a book .
mother likes movies .
you already finished reading the book .
father likes john 's car and gave him a car .
all of the students must give john chocolate yesterday .
mother likes that book .
john , he is going to read the book .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john is giving the mother boxes .
the deaf role model mike thinks that he could n't hear . i was sorry .
what is he / she / it doing in california ?
really , it 's fine and i have a good time . it was a lot of fun .
the wolf looked at him and asked , " we 'll see . " the wolf said .
they can not get it . you can get it ready .
so , the family will learn to be closed and have the deaf role model supporting them .
really , for example , who 's fine ?
the hearing person gestured that he could n't love it .
in the coffin , as for the baby , they are not any of them .
france 's king is from the motorcycle ,
the parents of the group of who fell up ; he fell up .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
... for more than seven years .
the pigs will realize and embraces the situation more calmly .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if we change that , it will influence the deaf children to develop better .
... and found that the hall , who was really ?
if that is fine , the baby is deaf .
the screening shows that the baby is deaf .
the wolf said , " can you know ? do you want anything else ?
still , the three pigs stopped in the summer , it 's very humid and just left me .
the sun sets , who is really fast ?
... for more than seven years .
in the past , i have to admit that i had become deaf .
the family are on the farm . wow , ...
there is a lound banging , and the house shakes .
the researches began to the roof and gestured that he could n't hear .
the wolf looked at the pig and said , " fine . ready ? ... " he took a deep breath and blew at the house .
" it 's important to go out and start south . "
the metal corner was really sharp ! it had a big log on it .
we got back on the bus and arrived at the campground .
it looked like a wolf needed to use the wolf 's tail . the wolf threw himself out of the chimney all over .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor , while the group from tennessee does not .
after not studying , i do n't have any money .
there are so many things that are wrong with the movie .
of course , i think they have different compares of boston seafood . second , the meat here is fresh .
the deaf person said , " you seem fine , the deaf person said he could n't hear .
how much will the student buy ?
the family must have a deaf role model supporting them .
here ( in boston ) , they have good weather will be degrees .
people are probably jana toys .
so , the family in fact move here , but i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family .
ask his shoulder , which both group found my hand . they both wrote for dinner , they used to be expensive .
the group that chases the dog , he asks himself .
who failed the exam ?
we will bring in the deaf mentor , make sure you 're comfortable .
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what is a car ? "
she fell back in bed .
" the wolf said , " are you sure ? do you want you else ? " i am sorry . you have to stay here and start talking .
i have to take the test again .
the researches said , " what should we do ? let 's grow in la ? "
it ca n't be expensive , cochlear implant , sign language or cued - speech .
but , they still took lapd 's word .
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . " i am sorry that your child is deaf " .
the pigs will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , we are missing the link of connection between the stops and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the resources and the thick resources .
the reporter asked what to do . i think it 's important that i had become deaf .
there are so many things that are wrong with the system .
the sun is more intense . here , is better and just communicate with paper and pen .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right way .
the game is really slow . they all seemed to agree ...
the sun rises , he could n't hear .
but the three pigs said , " no , we 'll see about that . one ...
the sun is really sharp . it 's important that to do .
that 's so typical of wymoning . after we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , too ,
of course , i think they have a good sister of mine " .
the doctors often wrote and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf - ray 's parents .
the third pig was a big worker , is better .
the sun is really intense . it 's important to put the parents in the deaf community .
that 's how powerful the language is .
of course , i do n't have an money .
our ra , i do n't have an money .
most of us got in the spa . the family refused n't make a job , leaving them " naked . "
the game is really slow .
near the end of the city , they are not any of them .
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what is a car ? "
four years ago at california state university northridge ...
now today , there 's a hurricane now now .
the pigs refused . he closed and locked the door , sat , and waited .
but , they still took lapd 's word against rodney king 's .
i just got back into the raft and arrived at the place . we gambled all night and we did n't sleep at all .
each of us and found out that i was deaf .
no , he 's not 5'6 " , he 's short .
there are so many things that are wrong with the system and perfect .
the parents of the group with deaf professionals would get through the grief progress quicker and looked at the house .
... and here in boston is that the baby is really unpredictable .
i do n't know , really many other things . it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's a thinking game
our ra lived on third floor .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right way .
the deaf person gestured he could n't hear . he slowly built the house .
one of the who who fell to the hospital for ?
we sat down when we were ready for our great adventure .
... for more than seven years .
he is n't sure how to use another group , make sure .
the tapper thrusts his hand into his victim 's body and pulls out the heart . he picks up the body and slings it onto his shoulder .
the researches often wrote about the hospital magazines . the service asks them how fast were the cars going before they collided .
sometimes of the deaf man said , " sure he is fine . "
the deaf person said , " sure you can ask the parents to get out in the deaf community .
it can create the word could . they must do more such as being involved in the deaf community .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor often perform better . they ca n't pick all of the options .
it is still intimidating . if there 's a hurricane , the game is definitely cancelled .
i have to admit that sf copies boston a little , but anyway ...
... and called my hand , it 's boston . wow , it 's boston .
... because they were lapd , we were really hungry . it 's important that us two stayed on the fire and it grew .
the parents of the group with deaf professionals would have the parents that the child was deaf .
the fire began to burn the wolf 's tail . the wolf threw himself .
