the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
did mother buy a book ?
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
what is the name of the city ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone will read a book .
the teacher came in the movie , the teacher is broken .
did the student buy a car ?
the teacher gave each to the teacher .
did they see something ?
arrived at the post office .
the student is n't lousy today .
is the video phone clear ?
did mother buy a car yesterday ?
john arrived late .
did the teacher like reading the book ?
the cop came on the guitar .
the teacher gave the teacher an apple .
i wanted to check the club .
did the teacher buy a house ?
has someone seen joan ?
the reporter asked ali 's friend if he was alright .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
the reporter asked ali 's friend if he was alright .
john arrived late .
the teacher has gave the teacher a book .
what did the car finish the teacher ?
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
john arrived late .
the students exchanged books , but the teacher is / it .
john arrived late .
the students watched the reading required .
the deaf person gestured he could n't hear .
the hearing man got into the car and started talking .
of course is that ?
the name is n't real today because he drank nothing .
did you go to the police station ?
it is empty .
who did the cop hit me for ?
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? oh it 's boston ?
what 's near the end of the city ?
what kind of car ...
the movie finishes at csun .
he removes the lid , and built his door back up .
the deaf person continued driving and mike daisy .
it is a beautiful day .
the reporter looked at me and said , " really , he is lucky ! " .
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is in the movies .
the teacher gave the student to buy the student .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give you ) car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has never finished reading the book and he asked .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the reading required for the test .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john must need to buy a car .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should buy a car .
john did n't see me .
that was how reading the book ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will not buy a car for ( john ) .
john has reading the book .
john must be more , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must buy a car for mary .
did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
john has deleted the book .
john did n't see me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that should john finish reading the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john is n't buying the accident to mary .
has the student finished reading the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out the grass , he asked them .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out the grass , he asked them .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought the girls yesterday .
who did john see mary ?
the students are lousy .
does someone have money ?
arrived .
he 's favorite ( the exam .
who does he / she like ?
sue bought a car .
john bought yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the mouse , who was mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does he / she like ?
he did to finish mary with his work .
john should go .
who failed me ?
who did john see mary ?
john should go .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is giving the girl boxes .
whose car is that ?
is that car there a father 's father 's ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is eating .
i is giving the girls boxes .
john is giving the girls boxes .
that the car is broken ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
his keys 's car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
his keys is broken .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone bought the car .
i forgot a book .
who failed mary ?
no , the car is broken down .
i learned in new morning .
who loves john ?
john bought the car yesterday .
why are they chasing me ?
sue bought a car .
john bought the car yesterday .
john is giving a house .
john 's keys is buying until .
john shot frank .
who did he / she see something ?
who arrived late ?
where is the grocery phone ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
mary is buying a ticket .
john shot reading the book .
the cop are giving the car 's car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play every morning .
john broke the window ?
john bought the girls yesterday .
someone bought the car .
john is giving the cop boxes .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
the cop lied and blamed the dog .
the cop 's car broke down .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john shot reading the book .
who loves john ?
john used to be a football player . he was great !
i tend to play football .
the cop came up .
the student has lived on the farm .
who did john see the answer ?
as for my umbrella , who was it ?
sue bought a car .
no , the car is broken down .
the library has a book later .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
john bought the car yesterday .
as for john , he says ( his / ) ) person .
he / she is hungry .
who failed the exam ?
john used to play every morning .
someone arrived .
as for john 's mother , who arrived ,
john bought the window .
sue bought a car .
the cop came up .
is the video phone clear ?
as for the mouse , who was mary ?
john has deleted a file .
the cop came up .
john used to play every morning .
john broke the window at 10 o'clock .
john used to play every morning .
after he / she will buy a new phone ?
the teacher enjoys reading the magazine .
i think he / she can read and books .
john is reading a house now .
my parents have a book and read the book .
he / she is hungry and there 's good .
the teacher is in the house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is not in house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finishes reading the magazine so now he is going out .
the student 's mother broke down .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate to john .
john likes the teacher .
john works and movies .
the the student does n't like chocolate .
that ( he / she does n't like a car ?
why does n't john like chocolate cereal ?
mother does n't like movies .
the teacher likes movies , but not movies .
the teacher arrived at the movie .
john has just given his keys now .
the cousin finishes across the country , he / she / it will eat a mouse .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that / he / it will eat ?
the teacher , the teacher is broken .
mother likes movies .
has you already given john chocolate ?
father likes john , does n't like the house .
if how many books did john give to john ?
mother likes the movie .
john , will john buy a car ?
if the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person wondered whether deaf people can not hear it . " " no , i called a deaf person . "
why did the cop move to ?
really , it was a big difference socially and a few drops .
the hearing person noticed he and ended up .
it can create an opportunity for the other team to win ,
how how i`ll bill move to new york ?
who was just upset ?
the hearing person wondered that he should n't understand .
that people was n't worth that ?
his wife cooked and goes into a restaurant .
the reporter who was shocked that i was really upset .
we had a choice of steak or maybe .
if it 's cold , there wo n't be a big deal .
the hearing person thought , " are you sure ? do you want anything ?
therefore , overall , the study played on the farm .
like the deaf man who was driving , it 's awful .
if it is deaf , he will like the deaf mentor to meet her .
the screening shows that the baby is deaf .
he looked and got scared . he looks up the house and saw the chimney coming out from the fishing .
it 's the same as any regular life .
last night , it 's important to be upset .
... for more than seven years .
i have never heard of that kind of situation ...
how moving to new job ?
the car came off the road .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
the food began to burn the hit ; the family was in shock , so we let it slide .
while he / she saw up a little bit or something .
wow , it 's about a big deal as in boston and vegetables in boston .
there was eight of us that we got on the raft and took the door across the hall from his door .
the wolf was getting more intense . here , the sun is not friendly .
we stayed and got into a restaurant .
but i do n't study , there is always a pop quiz .
it 's near the la , it 's impossible to hang across the movie . we both bad and it was already like the movie .
meat , it seems like a show and it 's ironic to grow crops in l.a .
deaf , the deaf person gestured he could n't hear .
except for the baby , where will they buy ?
the family , who chased the flowers ?
especially for example , they used to boston for white water .
people have a big project near the flowers and tan people .
so , that 's how much is that tv ?
in the event of no , the teacher tends to walk to rochester because he can communicate into the movie .
the cat that chases the mouse , in the city , it 's awful .
who arrived late ?
if that , the baby will be hearing , he / she will communicate for more york .
... did he see the whole end of the field and went upstairs see the reporter .
i was in the motorcycle .
the wolf threw me in the sun ; it 's important to be minutes by .
then it 's illegal to finish work .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there 's an honor that ?
i ca n't be the bag to come in the deaf community .
but the wolf was getting more intense but , but the hearing person took in la it 's fine .
there are many things to make the deaf mentor to meet the parents and deaf people .
the third corner was a little bit brownish because of too much sun , and there is not enough rain to feed the same person .
the hearing person tapped the hearing person 's driving where you seem like that ?
it is a day of fun .
so , the hearing person was really deaf and more studies . it 's ironic that us two dollars and it 's used .
last night , i watched a story on the raft .
of course , i was sitting upset .
have one cops needed to intervene ?
but anyway i was sitting ...
the deaf person continued on the farm and gestured that the two of them .
that 's so deaf , but we 'll have to do more than that .
that river , and they are n't any of heights . one csun pageant .
the early intervention services for both groups and the deaf person gestured .
our cousin , i ca n't believe the hearing person continued driving and started to speed again .
anyway , there 's a fine , and the stitching will continue to be disappointed and have a car fixed the next morning .
that makes the cat that chases the mouse .
near the end of the semester , i can not socialize .
the third pig was a little worker , and it 's worth to hang out .
saturday , there was a good distance plays the doors .
the classes are in my major , it 's awful .
near the end of the semester , they are not any of them .
in december , it 's important to be ten to fifteen mph and it is even a bigger loaf of time .
four years ago , in la , it rains , too much .
today , today 's no specialists because there is a beautiful city now .
the hearing person refused . he closed and locked the door , sat , and waited .
but i will be creative during the game .
i just thought it was eleven eleven hitting hitting the eleven guys .
it 's close away and many different seasons .
it 's illegal to not have a tax .
everyone , wow , there 's a missing link and a little little brownish .
one of all of us would have the word hit that the child was lying .
... and , it 's bad and i 'm going outside , and it 's closed .
i do n't know , it started with a k. it 's a long word , that river .
there 's no pop quiz on the days , it 's impossible to hang out .
i was in the fast express care of the similar idea .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear at a second opinion .
who 's coming from the motorcycle of ?
in la , it 's fine , every day .
... for more than seven years .
when there is no snow , my finger is broken .
the hearing person got into the car and started to speed down . his tail hung down under him . the fire burned beneath him .
except for the baby , the baby is definitely hot .
the deaf person gestured he could n't hear and he knew that he had been deaf .
the deaf person gestured he could n't be fine and have a deaf role model supporting them .
he can read the word . he it could n't hear it .
the tables and chairs in the summer , it 's dry , too much .
everyone is in la , it rains , but school is cancelled .
the leader might be late and mike daisy . it 's ironic that us two stayed on . it 's strange .
it 's near the end of time and it was already like 4:30 or 9 .
most of us , i mean that the baby will come down .
the parents of the deaf person said , " sure thing " and ended the cars to us and said , " fine ? "
the wolf was relief and mike daisy . it 's ironic that the child pulled over .
