the fishing man was just thrown out .
did mother buy a book ?
the fishing man was just thrown out .
what is the name of the city ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
has someone finished reading the book ?
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
did the student 's a car already ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
do you want anything ?
have someone seen what ?
the student is in the house .
do you want anything ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
how many books did the teacher read ?
the fishing man was just thrown out .
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
do you want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
has someone seen joan ?
the girls are just strict .
the girls came over to the car and started talking .
the girls are just strict .
has someone seen joan ?
all the students on the magazine each gave the teacher an book .
when the students were singing , the student 's not lousy .
the cop arrived , the girls started care .
has someone seen joan ?
all the students in the class each gave the teacher a book .
really , your family arrived before .
the student 's students gave the teacher a book .
the deaf person said , " sure thing " and drove away .
... from a motorcycle accident .
the air is lousy .
the sun sets , and just at dawn again now .
do you want anything ?
it is the only thing .
what did the cop hit me ?
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? bustun ?
what kind of party ...
what 's the name of the city of the city and no ?
the black bike is really scary .
there was a lound banging , and the house shakes shaking .
the reporter arrived there and started to find a car .
he stays awake , but eventually crashes and sleeps .
the reporter said , " really , he asks himself . "
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the student 's father must buy a book .
how many books did father give to buy ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give you a car .
the student 's father found a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has always yet , he finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student was a good house so it was a small time .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must give a car to john .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give his father that car .
did john break the window ? i did .
has that book finished john ?
the student 's mother 's car .
john , in the future , wo n't buy a car .
john has finish reading the book .
john has two mice . he will win the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
did the student 's father buy a house already ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has deleted the book .
did john break the window ? i did .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
did john break the window ? i did .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
has that books did john give to john ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
you have to move away , must join the car .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john was sitting on the grass when he saw it .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when he saw it .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy yesterday .
who saw john ?
the students do n't have a car .
does someone have money ?
arrived , and arrived ?
as for john , he says ( he ) mary .
who does s / like ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a car yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my umbrella , who was it ?
who loves john ?
john should go , he can .
who does s / like ?
he saw john and just fell mary .
john go to the library .
who failed mary ?
who saw john ?
john go to the library .
john is giving the girl boxes .
as for john , he says ( he ) is corn .
that was john 's car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is giving the girl boxes .
whose car is that ?
is that for that car ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
as for john , he says ( he ) loves mary .
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
who wants the car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
the car is broken .
john is giving the girl boxes .
the old man arrived .
as for john , he says ( he ) is corn .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone bought the car .
i found out of the students one book .
who failed mary ?
the car is broken .
i have a picture , it 's cute .
who loves john ?
john bought a car .
i arrived before before
sue bought a car .
john bought a car .
john is giving the wood house .
as for john 's former , he arrived .
john broke the window ?
who did he / she see ?
who arrived ?
have the children arrived before ?
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read a book .
the cop finally found his keys .
the car is really broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the students boxes .
john broke the window ?
john did n't buy yesterday .
someone bought the car .
john used to hit a house .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is really broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
as for the mouse , who ate it ?
the cop arrived home .
john arrived .
john is funny , but is he / her ) is small .
john shot reading the book .
who loves john ?
john used to hit the sack at 10 o'clock .
i found out of the fall .
what did the cop hit me ?
the student has been car shopping .
as for john , who saw him ?
as for my umbrella , who is it ?
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
( the teacher ) regularly watches him , encouraging him to read .
john is a doctor , he chopped up his shoulder .
john bought a car .
as for the turkey sandwich , john , he saw it .
did the teacher buy a book ?
who failed the exam ?
john is giving the students boxes .
arrived by ....
as for john 's mother , who is it ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
what did the cop hit me ?
it is empty .
as for my umbrella , who was it ?
john has deleted the file .
what did the cop hit me ?
john is giving the students boxes .
john decided to move away .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
then he will go and buy another / .
the teacher wants to read but he / she / it will eat a mouse .
... they think he / she can communicate of the hospital .
john is a doctor now .
my parents have been giving and buying him books for a while now .
after the clothes on , he / she talks a lot .
the teacher is in the house there right .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is giving the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
the student , john , gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes a car .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like the movie , he / she does n't like like movies .
what did the student 's john like ?
why did n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher liked the movie but the student did n't .
the teacher has finished reading the book .
john is giving the girl 's france .
the game finishes on the book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if he / she / it will eat a mouse , he / she will eat it .
the teacher gave the teacher a car .
mom likes movies .
has that done to john ?
father likes john 's car and gave it to john .
are many many cars did john give ?
mother likes that book .
john is going to the library , he / she / it will eat a mouse .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
john will not give his mother chocolate .
the deaf person said , " are you sure ? " i am deaf , too , i 'm deaf ! " she said , " deaf , deaf ! "
what kind of party is it ?
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what is a car ? "
the hearing person wondered he could n't hear .
they can throw to the tight end , maybe , or , i do n't know ...
so , the family will have a deaf role model supporting , wow .
ask the mouse , who supports me ?
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
in the coffin , and both people are in front of me .
he fell off the motorcycle , separated his shoulder , sprained both his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
the reporter , both people fell off , and he fell off , and he fell off and fell to the flowers .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
... and here in boston is that the fall , in september , seems about the same .
... and the pigs found the situation funny -- we were lucky all night .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if there 's pineapple cream cheese .
... like one side of the hospital and went to the hospital .
if a deaf child does not have a deaf mentor , they would have to move in and live .
the screening shows that the baby is deaf .
he looked at a limp body in the coffin
people were tents set up all over .
the sun sets , and just at dawn again the banging and the shaking and thirteen .
... for more than seven years .
" i must take him to the hospital . "
the family headed down the river .
the deer started to walk across the road .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
the wolf looked at the pig and said , " fine , that s fine . " he took lucky ! " he took another deep and blew at the house .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
the metal corner was really sharp ! it looked like a log cabin .
we stayed up a little , but he still is able to find humor in the back .
the wolf was getting more angry . here 's the boston , it was a lot of fun and just mingling .
the donut tire only lasts for 50 miles and vegetables in the mr .
if i do n't study , there is always a pop quiz .
there were eight of us in the dorm area , and both people in front had to move at the library .
people were utah , meat , and just compares of boston .
deaf deaf person said , " sure thing " and drove away . " he deaf built himself .
mother will give her a book .
the family must have a deaf role model supporting them .
... to make a name of mine .
people like the doctor , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , counselor , counselor , counselor , and warm back .
so , the family in fact move , really , is important to go out and eat it .
the food finally found his keys , mike daisy , who also fell off , but if they have homework , the teacher will not cancelled .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . he 's funny .
who failed the exam ?
if that is pineapple cream cheese then there will be snow .
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what is a car ? "
of course , who is my favorite sport ?
the wolf inhaled deeply and blew at the house . the grass house blew away .
did you graduate high school ?
the meeting refused to make a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for a long time .
they would cause problems for another wards . can you do that ?
but , he / she talks a lot for himself .
the hearing person said , " are you sure ? " he asks himself . "
the meeting refused to make a doctor , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two brick .
the reporter asked ali 's wife if i had a deaf time .
the game really , football ...
there are so many things that are wrong with the same time .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in football .
the third pig was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
ask for a winter , then he , ...
but ... but they were getting ready to get out .
the metal corner was really sharp ! it had a big log on it .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , too , because he stays too .
the hearing person thought , " i can copy and act like the deaf person " .
the tables and chairs would n't be dry of all had the same checklist .
the metal corner was better and mike daisy . it 's ironic that us two stayed on .
the donut tire only lasts for 50 miles and just really had to do it .
that 's the only one horse playing on the farm .
the pigs found the roof vibrating . the deaf person stopped celebrating inside the house .
the third pig was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
the next year , i wrote that the two of them have lived there on the next morning .
the classes are in my major , house .
the classes are not in my major , deaf studies .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to move away .
he gave a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what is a car ? "
because there 's no snow , my ski trip is cancelled .
the tables and chairs were all wood . it looked like a log cabin .
but , they still took lapd 's word against rodney king 's .
i just thought it was eleven guys hitting another eleven guys .
... and here in boston is really , it 's really hot , but it 's a deaf person .
the car is not broken .
the same , the metal corner goes into my hand , really , wow .
the same thing that the baby was trying to come down the chimney .
and , it 's like 11 o'clock at night -- everything was closed .
there were no cops . what did you understand ?
the third pig was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in football .
the hearing person indicated he could n't hear . he slowly built the house .
of course , it 's because cookies , who is both ?
the grass is a little bit brownish because of too much sun , and there is not enough rain .
... for more than seven years .
he / she did n't want anything for a motorcycle .
the tapper thrusts his hand into his victim 's body and pulls out the heart . he picks up the body and slings it onto his shoulder .
the researches often include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two weeks .
deaf , parents can not show a deaf mentor . they must do more such as being involved from utah .
the deaf person said , " sure thing " and drove away . "
he could do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he can communicate .
the meeting refused to realize that people had a hearing mentor , while lightning strikes and rain pours .
there would be flooding . if a whole year 's worth of boston 's boston would n't be tougher . "
we have to make sure it 's good , too , cold or 4 degrees .
there were no waiters . the speed limit there is 75 mph , so ...
... because they were getting ready to get out of nevada , counselor , that 's all . there are the same brick system .
the doctor lied and blamed the situation . the deaf person said , " sure thing " and drove away .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker . he 's lucky .
