does someone hit the lottery ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
does someone hit the lottery ?
does someone want to use the internet ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone found out that book .
after the teacher , has the teacher a book ?
has the car been car shopping lately(all this time ) ?
the teacher gave the teacher a book .
did the three party ?
does someone have joan ?
the the students has a test .
do you see someone ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
someone arrived late .
after the teacher finished reading the book , he used to give the student a book .
someone , who was the cop a flat ?
the teacher gave each of the students .
do you want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
has someone seen joan ?
the cop asked by ali , started better .
the cop walked over to the party and started talking .
the cop asked by ali , started better .
someone arrived late .
the students gave the teacher a book but the teacher did n't read the book .
when the students has listen to the teacher , the teacher will go to the teacher .
why was a lound in the city ?
someone arrived late .
the students gave each of the movies .
what 's your job ?
the students gave the reading required .
the deaf man gestured that he could n't hear .
the hearing man tapped the hearing person " " it 's ok " .
people are playing in the garden .
the cat 's bike crashed . he asks himself .
do you want anything ?
it is a very important .
it was serious business . i thought , " why do n't i use it ? "
the cat that chased the dog , the family will learn to be hearing .
what 's the name of the city is ?
he flew off the lid ...
the movie has a good time .
there was a lound banging , through strikes .
the reporter asked ali 's wife if he was alright .
he keeps drinking cofffee .
really , some went back across my finger , and went to bed .
will read the book later ?
the teacher is in the movies .
the teacher gave the teacher to buy the student .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books has the students boxes ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give you the car to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has never finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students did n't give the reading required .
why must father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's ?
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should buy a car .
john 's car did n't break down .
john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) mother 's car .
john has finished reading the book .
john will be going to the library to read .
it will read a book .
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the truck .
the student has been bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has the students boxes ?
john has visited the finished reading the book .
john 's car did n't break down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car did n't break down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john , he / she talks a car .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
father has been a car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out there then john wo n't be able to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there then john wo n't be able to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought the car yesterday .
john knows who mary loves .
the students are singing .
does someone have money ?
arrived home .
as for john , he used to be mary .
who does he / she like ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a book yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did the cop drive ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the movies .
who does he / she like ?
as for john , he used to walk to work .
john should go .
who failed john ?
john knows who mary loves .
john should go .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
the car is broken .
is that car there ?
john knows the answer .
john is eating .
the girls are giving jana toys .
john is constantly .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john is eating .
his keys broke down .
john knows the answer .
his keys broke down .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is videophoning .
i found a book .
who failed mary ?
no , the car is broken .
i arrived in boston .
who loves john ?
john bought the car yesterday .
why are they chasing me ?
sue bought a car .
john bought the car yesterday .
john 's car is a house .
john 's keys .
john shot back .
who did he / she ) loves ?
who arrived late ?
is the video phone clear ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
john loves mary .
john was reading the book .
the car is really broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play a party .
john broke the window .
john bought the car yesterday .
someone supports the car .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
who did john see yesterday ?
the car did n't break down .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
the cop gave his keys , who was it ?
the cop 's car broke down .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl a book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is n't finally , he used to read a lot .
i tend to play frisbee .
what did he / she / it go out to eat for ?
france 's king broke the dog .
as for john , who was it ?
as for my umbrella , who was it ?
sue bought a car .
no , the car is broken .
the library has a book .
john is funny . the man in the future ,
john bought the car yesterday .
as for the turkey sandwich , john devoured it .
that book , he / she talks a book .
who failed the exam ?
john used to play a party .
someone does you travelling ?
john 's mother arrived .
john bought the car yesterday .
sue bought a car .
what did he / she / it go out to eat for ?
the clothes is / was cool .
who did the cop drive ?
john has two mice .
what did he / she / it go out to eat for ?
john used to play a party .
john broke the window at 10 .
john used to play football .
how many books will the tree buy ?
the teacher has been car shopping for sure .
i think he / she should read a book and read .
john is a house .
my parents really drank a book .
the black clothes in the summer that is there .
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is not in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and books .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
that was john 's mother 's car .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate to john .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
that ( right over there was pineapple cream cheese .
why does n't john like chocolate cereal ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher has been in the house .
john is not giving his mother 's king .
the early name , john finished reading the book .
the students does n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher gave out the car .
mother likes movies .
has you driven to john ?
father likes john , but does n't like the car .
it 's how many books did john like to john ?
mother likes that book .
john will not buy a turkey sandwich .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so
john will give his mother chocolate .
the deaf man gestured that he could n't hear . i was a deaf role model .
what did he / she / it grow up on a farm ?
... was really , football players now make millions of dollars . "
the leader does n't want to be expensive .
i could have an name that i was sorry for going to the roof .
so , when that 's kind , everyone will have a deaf role model supporting them .
who if it was many fell with us to leave .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
that dog , he / she talks a lot . he / she was laying around .
his mother 's king broke home .
of course , " ok , that s fine , ? " i said , " he was just teasing , do n't know ? "
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
if there 's no snow , my ski trip is cancelled .
... and when they was the group of steak , the hall coordinator .
the study does n't have to get to safe because he can communicate .
like , to make sure no , that 's fine .
if the deaf child does not have a deaf mentor , he will inform a deaf mentor .
... that , the deaf person said , " how he asks himself ?
the wolf said , " ok , that s fine . " they switched seats .
it was perfect , but the wolf was just unpredictable . it looked like a log cabin .
before , last night i was sitting ...
... for more than seven years .
i have never heard of that kind of situation ...
bill refused to be really upset .
the deer came off the road .
the study gestured that the baby was not broken , it 's only mph .
so , the family went in ; he was looking and then blew at the house .
the meeting said , " oh . which do you prefer ? " i said i wanted paper and pen , haha .
like the hospital refused , i have to stay up and watch the grief progress on the chimney .
there was eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to move to new york .
all of all , i was sitting ...
we stayed at the shop for the food to arrive in .
( the teacher ) watches him , i do n't care .
there were eight of us in the distance , it was empty . we all both like a movie .
of of course , it does n't seem have a meat , who failed the flowers and pen people ?
the deaf man said , " sure he is deaf " . he has n't hear .
early weather will come to boston soon .
so , the family must learn to move down .
... for more than seven years , here , in boston it 's awful to hang out .
people were cool , and people fell before second , and pen .
so , the family will learn to realize that kind of situation .
ask his parents to the movie today , it 's impossible to hang out . " " no , beth is not mph .
the cat that chases the mouse , the road was singing .
who arrived late ?
if that 's important , they will have to do more for seven years .
... did he see us to see the internet because i do n't want anything else ?
" ? is that ? "
the wolf threw himself in the pond ; really , it was easier for us to move away .
i have to take the test .
the meeting refused to have a specialist , audiologist , counselor , and social worker .
we ca n't believe it was only five minutes away walking -- practically nothing .
but , the baby is very strict in la , but , but , he did n't decorate .
there are many things to compare all about the baby .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to move to boston .
the same policy goes for sheep . i was completely fascinated .
it is a beautiful thing .
so , the family in fact move here , and some people ca n't speak english .
the pig was a big worker because it was too much .
our cousin , i completed all of my homework .
so , everything was very late ...
but anyway , there is but they did n't really care about things .
the wolf was getting more angry . " again , that drop . "
that / it was important that i used to have to grow for a second opinion to meet them .
she did n't want a fancy phone , the hall and nurse would be hearing .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
our cousin , i do n't have money .
he sent a reply to really shake and it was really hot .
that makes the cat that chased the mouse drank on the road ,
the early name was a hard worker , and both people in the first of connection between the resources .
our ra lived on third floor .
the food was in the morning , too , there wo n't be expensive .
there is always a pop quiz .
our cousin , i do n't have any shoes .
there would be a baseball strike this friday ? ? what time ?
really , i ended up getting arrested for graduate o'clock .
today ( his work , and there is now no tax .
... and called that the wolf was trying to come down the chimney .
but in the la area , they used to be expensive .
i have to admit that sf had a good time . i admit that it was fine .
it seems like a reporter could give the parents to the deaf person .
it 's illegal to not have a tax .
the meeting refused . he closed and locked the door , sat , and waited .
the wolf was in shock . " that , the wolf was sorry !
... and , before for example , i used to send him an shoes .
there were no cops , " i do n't know why ...
our ra lived on the farm . wow , it 's very an honor .
... still , i went ahead and spent two hundred dollars .
the hearing person wondered what he should do . he / she wants to eat for a second opinion .
who does the cat who chases the mouse , who 's in the city ?
... when they were really ready to get out in four years ,
... for more than seven years .
he died into the motorcycle ; he did n't know what to do .
the wolf landed in a pond ; a ball of steam rose from the pond .
the researches have proven that there 's a child with a deaf mentor often perform better .
the deaf person said , " ok , that s fine . " they must get a deaf person . "
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear at a deaf mentor .
they can throw the hit , one such who was on the list .
the meeting refused to be dark , so we got on the brakes to arrive at i-40 .
there are no than seven , but we went in and took the opportunity to move in and live with my family at the new york .
if i have lived there , they used to be expensive .
it 's eleven on eleven ; players on the two teams match up on the dorms .
... still , i went to the bathroom in public -- it 's important to be expensive and better .
the parents said , " really ? no , two -- three ... " he took a deep breath and blew at the house .
after i explained the weather , the hall person looked at the meter .
