what does someone have a big phone ?
did the mother buy a book yesterday ?
what does someone have a big phone ?
the girls are singing .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books has someone find ?
the teacher expects john to read a book .
has the teacher been bought a car ?
the teacher just bought a house .
do you see ?
... i has never seen your keys .
the students is at the house there .
do you see ?
did the student buy yesterday ?
does someone arrive ?
after that , did the teacher finish reading the book ?
what happened , the lapd is broken .
the teacher is at the house .
i do n't want anything .
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
did someone arrive late ?
what happened , i was in the lapd .
the girls tend to speed down .
what happened , i was in the lapd .
does someone arrive ?
the students may read the book but the teacher was in charge .
the student did n't read the classroom .
the hearing man got into the car .
does someone arrive ?
, the students really listen to the teacher .
when does you start travelling ?
the student enjoys reading the book .
that deaf man have the deaf person continued driving and started to speed up .
the hearing man finally started to speed up .
make playing in the garden .
the girls are giving jana toys .
you know , go ahead and build your homes " .
it 's the only thing .
as i was driving , i was really upset .
the cat shows that , it was that it will have an opportunity to do .
there 's no rain .
what does he / she / it grow up on the mouse ?
the clothes have been full , so around the movie .
there was many different sizes .
the leader may yell but i woke up .
it 's the end thing .
really , that i was sitting ...
will the students clean the book ?
the teacher is at the movies there right now .
how many books thinks the movie , he started to buy the house .
why must father buy that book ?
how many books did the students read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must buy shorts ?
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has n't finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't pay the students one book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father tomorrow , must buy the car .
his student will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car did .
that book , john finished reading .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) car .
john has finished reading the book .
john needs to finish his / his / it to read .
if it 's snowing there , john will read .
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father 's car , he will give the car to mary .
the student will buy a house to buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the students read ?
john has visited finished reading the book .
john 's car did .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car did .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must buy the car to mary .
that book finished reading john yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john wo n't be able to finish his / her to read a book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john wo n't be able to finish his / her to read a book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy a turkey break .
who seen mary ?
the students are going to the library .
does you have money ?
arrived .
as for john , who used john to read ?
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought many books .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who was liz yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the movies .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , he says ( he / it was corn .
john should go to the movies .
who failed mary ?
who seen mary ?
john should go to the movies .
john knows who mary is .
as for john , mary loves him .
that car is john 's car .
john knows who mary is .
john knows who mary is .
who bought the car ?
is that father 's father 's car ?
john knows who mary is .
mary works nights .
many people are giving jana toys .
john loves mary .
that car is that ?
that car is john 's father 's car .
that car is john 's car .
john works nights .
that car is really broken .
john knows who mary is .
his car was broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that car is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is playing the wrong .
i found you to the movies and the actor turned .
who failed mary ?
the car is broken .
i learned in l.a .
who loves john ?
john bought many books .
why are they chasing the lapd ?
sue bought a car .
john bought many books .
john did a house .
john 's keys .
john used to sell his lot .
who did john see ?
who arrived late ?
i killed him it .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
john loves mary .
john used to read a book .
the hearing man was giving the cop boxes .
the car is n't buying a car .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play a letter .
john just deleted a file .
john did n't buy a turkey break .
someone bought the car .
john used to be a football player .
who did john see ?
the car is n't broken .
who loves john ?
john saw his keys .
the student was giving which book .
the car is broken .
john 's friend arrived .
john is reading a book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john did n't break the window , he started to give it to his mouth .
i tend to play high school .
he pulls off the window , gave it to work .
the students has ended up .
as for john , who was mary ?
who told bill that french ?
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
i have one books .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john bought many books .
as for john , he says john like ( her ) .
yes , he / she talks a lot .
who failed the exam ?
john used to play a letter .
when does someone start travelling ?
john 's keys , who 's it ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
he pulls off the window , gave it to work .
the car is broken .
who was liz yesterday ?
john has deleted the file .
he pulls off the window , gave it to work .
john used to play a letter .
john lived his work .
john used to play a football at school .
i will go buy cigarettes .
the teacher expects the movie , but the teacher do n't know .
when he / she can read the classroom , but the teacher would n't be cancelled .
john is buying a house .
my aunt was on the book .
after he / she talks a lot about himself .
the teacher is in the house there is that the teacher is now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes that book and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so
john gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars .
john wo n't like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
what he , john like pineapple cream cheese .
it does n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does n't like the movie .
no , i like chocolate cereal .
the teacher has been in the house .
john is just given a box .
i used to finish going to the movies and went to the library .
the students does n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that ?
the teacher gave each student a car .
mother likes movies .
has that seen john 's car ?
father likes chocolate cereal , no likes john does n't like the car .
read , it 's not raining or john , but john has to read ( it ) yet .
mother likes a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so
john will give his mother chocolate .
the deaf person gestured but the deaf person said , " " that do n't i do n't say it here , but i was just deaf ! "
what did he / she / it grow up ?
after he / she did something for a fancy , he / she was laying down .
the teacher looked at him and said , " really ? "
i could have left it .
so i was n't hoping how to approach deaf people deaf people can not hear that .
who hates the reporter ?
the hearing person was n't sorry , it 's impossible to escape the opportunity .
yes he / she was stolen , he / she does n't want anything ?
now he 's king , i hope it in the end of nebraska .
who was that , , he / she does n't know ?
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
... it would be creative if it 's boring to drive across the country .
the reporter said , " really , he gets excused ! " .
does he like chocolate ?
but , the hearing man said , " no , he gets excused ! "
if you deaf , you have been deaf if i 'm deaf .
that deaf man will come to the cop .
mother was looking at the motorcycle and saw the situation to the reporter began deaf .
... it was not a fine , but he was able to find humor in the email .
they were lapd , and were coming up running .
( you had a baby , he / she was laying around .
i have never heard as i was driving .
near the end of the semester , it was really late .
wow , i 'm sure it . wow , it 's a honor too .
the hearing person turned and started to speed down . the hearing person started to get into the chimney .
when you watched it , one thing that hit me when the family was watching the door and across the door across the hall across , across the road .
... i was sitting to come down sleep .
the car was n't broken but it was a close thing , the hearing person was in shock .
after i arrived at the ra and arrived at the raft and arrived , and illinois , you know , and that deaf people ...
... it did n't hear , they did n't care about football , that silber was on the fall . they all screamed and locked the door .
... i realized it was something , that i had n't want to worry them .
not not n't any , it 's not raining .
... it was a good log and the ra was full and scared . it would be a big deal .
... it was important , you know , who if it does the mouse , i said , " ok , i warned you , california .
the deaf man said , " no , you know , sometimes you know , sometimes you know ?
while the three pigs will come to be sick .
so , he / she was laying around .
... for example , they were really hungry , but eventually crashes and la ...
people are giving jana toys .
... it was that the most thing that ?
his hands , no , i do n't care . what was that ?
the cat that chased on the lapd , he started to speed up .
who prefers dark ?
if that , will they do that ?
... it did a bunch , i thought it was someone wonder bread for a bun , that river .
i was really upset .
" i 'm hoping you know , what 's going on the list and then i would recommend the stitches to come in and live .
i had to finish his homework .
( it was on interstate 80 , they used to be expensive .
hearing can i could come up .
but i was n't going to decorate it in the fine .
... i was all all in the deaf mentor . they all screamed , but the hearing person said .
... i was sitting in the middle and tan .
the boat may yell but i had n't become english .
it has a big log straight down .
... i was really upset . what was that i could have eaten a deaf brother .
as i was driving and they were driving and started to speed up .
... i was sitting on interstate 80 .
they were sitting ready .
but i was in la , it could be a fine but or something .
he warned the reporter , that kind of situation .
he knew that i could n't have watched it to the police .
" i was how fine , they have to have a big deal 's on the list and a deaf mentor supporting them .
the cousin may yell but i had a picture and the car would n't breakdown .
the cousin may contributed the video key , the hearing person got into the car .
... i was really upset .
what does the cat who chases me ?
other example , they crashed the opportunity .
the cousin may may be late if it 's raining .
so , those those southern states , and still moved on the country .
in the future , in sudden , it 's an honor .
something , that is not jana toys .
... it happened , that i was giving the fall and a ra 's car .
" really , four or words straight in home ...
... it 's no fast on the farm . oh , it 's an honor .
the leader may yell but really , he got excused !
but i was seven years .
oh i was a fine , and the ra came down .
while you ) states , and hit , and hit , and la who and sleeps .
it 's illegal to not have a tax .
... it 's important to go across the country . i thought maybe it 's important to go across the country .
... he can use the whole thing to come , and many other cars .
... and here , and hit , and hit , and hit , and hit , and rain .
they were not any of things ...
age , i was sitting in shock .
... i was sitting ...
the hearing person started to get into the house . he slowly built the house .
that chased the reporter that chases the dog , he started to speed up , he can himself
... it hit the end of the semester , and counselor , one illinois rain .
... it 's the end of steak or rain .
( they went ) , they crashed down the truck .
they grabbed me many led .
they all in the meeting , and many people come up the grass and could not breathe .
... fine , the deaf man wondered whether deaf people can not hear about the deaf person .
... it was important that he knew that he had been caught !
they can have lived for the other team to stop in his own , that kind of himself .
... it 's the only deal , but the hearing man got in and social worker . it 's important that us two stayed on the fire .
" i would have no snow , but school is cancelled .
i have lived there for moving to new york .
... it was very worth that we got on the raft .
... i was sitting on the country and then , he got excused and ran to the door .
the parents would realize but i was deaf .
the car did n't break down the country .
