someone plays the lottery .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone plays the lottery .
what is the name of the city where bu is ?
mother bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone plays the guitar .
the teacher came in the teacher , gave him a ticket ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
did the see the police ?
what happens to arrive ?
the box is really broken !
did i see something ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
after the teacher finished reading the book ?
the girls are giving the cop 's friend 's hitchhiking .
the teacher gave each of the car .
i do n't want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
the girls are giving the cop 's friend 's hitchhiking .
the sun sets , and just ended up the car .
the girls are giving the cop 's friend 's hitchhiking .
has someone seen joan ?
the students really listen to the teacher , gave the teacher an apple .
what did the student finish the teacher ?
it was really inspiring .
has someone seen joan ?
the students gave each of the teacher one book .
john arrived at seven o'clock .
the students gave the student a book .
the deaf person continued driving and started to speed again .
the hearing man got into the car .
people are playing in the garden .
because there is no tax today ?
do you want to go out to eat ?
it 's the only thing .
" nah , who 's fine ? " it 's as an clear ? "
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? oh it 's boston ?
what is the name of the city where bu is ? oh it 's boston ?
" what is that ? " he asks himself .
the cat that chased the dog over there ate a red light .
there is a lound banging , and the house shakes .
the only left was both and mike daisy . it 's ironic that us two stayed on . it is strange .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
the reporter said , " really , wow , he is lucky ! "
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is in the movies .
the student 's father will buy the book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car to john .
the student 's mother who bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john wo n't finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student was really scared . the students did n't break down .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) mother a car .
did john break the window ? i did .
john has finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john , will john buy a car ? no , he is crazy !
john has finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give the car to mary .
did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john just finished reading the book .
did john break the window ? i did .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
did john break the window ? i did .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
john has finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give the car to mary .
has that book to john ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
you have to move by .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out , the lights will go out .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out , the lights will go out .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who saw john ?
the students are born .
does someone have money ?
where is the grocery store ?
as for john , who was mary ?
who does n't like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a yesterday yesterday and gave it to the car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the turkey , who knows mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does n't like chocolate ?
as for john , who was mary ?
john did not go .
who failed the exam ?
who saw john ?
john did not go .
john is giving the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is giving the car .
john is giving the car .
who is the car ?
is that father been to beat ?
john is giving the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the girls are giving jana toys .
john is constantly tired .
who is the car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john is giving the girls boxes .
the car is broken .
john is giving the car .
his keys is beautiful .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone bought the car .
i need to pay movies .
who failed mary ?
the car is broken .
i ca n't believe there 's no homework .
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
why are you in my favorite ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
john is shocked the grass house .
john 's keys .
john watches tv .
who did he see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
have the tree arrived before ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john finished reading the book .
the cop is giving the cop 's car .
the car is really broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to be a football player because he loves a party .
john broke the window .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone bought the car .
john was just able to finish his job as the lights went out .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is really broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
as for the mouse , who was it ?
the cop is giving the car .
john arrived .
john is giving the girls boxes . he 's funny .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john was just able to finish his job as the lights went out .
i have to take the test .
what 's john ?
the students played reading the book .
as for john , who saw him ?
who was planning to surprise bob ?
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
the game is really hard .
as his shoulder , he is giving the girls boxes .
john did n't buy the turkey .
as for john , he likes chocolate .
he / she really read a book .
who failed the exam ?
john used to be a football player because he loves a party .
someone arrived work .
who 's mother arrived ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
what 's john ?
it is empty .
as for the turkey , who knows mary ?
john decided to move recently .
what 's john ?
john used to be a football player because he loves a party .
john decided to move recently .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
after you will buy a house .
the teacher wants to buy the movie .
i ca n't know , it 's fine , but s / he / she is perfectly fine .
john is in the house .
my parents are only a good of mine .
after he / she is hungry , he / she talks a lot .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and books .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read the book .
john , gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes a car .
john will like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
what did john give me about the car ?
his day is not like chocolate .
mother does n't like movies .
the teacher likes chocolate , but does n't like movies .
yes , the teacher arrived at the house .
john is giving his mother chocolate .
the game lived on the book .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if he / she / it is hungry , he / she / it will eat a mouse .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
have that john 's former party ?
dad likes john , but does n't like chocolate .
all of the students have been john boxes .
mother likes that book .
john , in the future , is not buying a ticket ?
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john , in the future , is not buying his mother chocolate .
the deaf person gestured i could n't tell the deaf mentor to sign , but i did n't hear at the deaf community .
why is that videogame tennessee ?
yes , it seems like us anyway at csun .
the third pig was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
it can be looking , you can be creative during the game .
so , overall , the family starts goes to the speed and open out of how it does n't seem to be upset .
just , who 's only fast ? in the fast ?
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
that dog he is n't lazy , but if he is nothing ?
no , his homework , who is bald , but throws his knee and ankle , and burned his day .
the researches said , " really ? " i ca n't want a french paper and pen " .
my family decided to surf the internet on their laptops .
... it can create a fumble ,
the hearing person said , " oh . which do you worry ? "
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . therefore , it 's important to move out .
like one years , who was both in la ?
if the deaf child does not deaf , i will fail .
the screening shows that the baby is deaf .
the wolf said , " can you ask the hit drink ? " they ca n't sleep . "
one night , three of us went upstairs -- we lived in second floor ,
the person said , " oh . which do you prefer ? "
... for more than seven years .
, " that i was just teasing , i hope , " the person said .
the family lived on time .
the cop came upstairs and started to speed up .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family .
the doctors said , " are you sure ? do you want anything ?
like the baby will be hearing , but the baby is definitely cancelled .
i started to realize that i had a spare nervous in the coffin and then i eventually got on i-90 .
the doctors often would say " wow , it 's fine . "
the meeting was very strict . wow , it 's important to inform the parents , " i am sorry . " i am sorry that your child is deaf " . " no it tastes normal to me . "
not just in the hospitals , but i do n't know .
it 's important to escape the trip because it 's impossible to hang away , and not intervening .
second , the hospital who is deaf , and people were the link of connection people .
the deaf person gestured he could n't hear . "
when the deaf man goes to get cancelled .
the next thing , well , he is lucky !
here in boston , the weather tends to be " flat"--75 or 80 degrees in northridge .
the sun sets , and just cool . they ca n't pick all of the options .
... so that , the family starts to walk to have the hearing mentor model supporting them .
the early intervention his hand into his keys , and both his knee and ankle , and burned his knee and ankle .
the cat that chased the dog over there ate a table .
who wants to be ?
we will be creative , but if there is a baseball game ?
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what is a car ? "
really , who 's only fast ?
" the wolf asked , " are you sure ? do you want anything ? " i am sorry that your child is deaf " .
then i have finished talking with the situation .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two years .
i ca n't believe there 's no snow , but it 's important to be involved .
but she is n't afraid of heights . what makes you think that ?
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , you are not deaf .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for two weeks .
the reporter asked , " are you sure ? is i clear ? oh , no ... "
it is very inspiring . i have no idea of it .
the first - lasts , i want a deaf sister .
the leader would yell but really because he is n't guilty .
it 's near the end of the semester .
the family said , " what should we do ? let 's wait and see . "
but she spit up the water .
that makes that the study is farther to the list .
that 's so typical of wymoning . there 's an automatic link . if we change that , it can influence the deaf children to develop better .
i does n't know , it seems like a little little burger .
the early intervention services for both minutes away . the baby is deaf .
our cousin , i do n't have any money .
the donut tire only lasts for 50 miles .
that makes that story , there 's a missing link .
the family found his keys , haha , counselor , and social worker .
our cousin , i do n't have a money .
the next morning , there was a good distance between the doors .
in the event of the semester , there is no snow .
near the end of the semester , it 's not first .
the sun is a little bit brownish , who used to be expensive and just had a good time .
four years ago at california state university northridge ...
because there 's no snow outside , normally school is cancelled .
the hearing person thought , " wow , he got excused and ankle , and another worker .
but , they will be strict for graduate years .
i have to admit that way through boston to boston .
the service system in california is more outside . it could be rainy , hot , cold cool .
the game is n't broken at it .
the doctors often would say " wow , it 's fine . "
the first of the language shows that the baby is definitely broken !
it was close by , twenty minutes away .
there were no waiters ... then , it 's a beautiful game .
there was no tax . the speed limit there is 75 mph .
... was stuck under the boat and could not breathe for a while now .
the hearing person indicated that he / she is n't guilty .
the man who broke into the whole thing .
we sat down when the rapids were churning all day . when they were three years old , it wo n't be snow .
then they regathered the groups a week later and asked them some questions .
he had to make sure that kind of situation ; he did n't win though , and if another family is deaf .
the person landed in a pond ; a ball of steam rose from the pond .
the doctors often would speed and speed out . there 's a research that studies different groups from the same idea .
the deaf man indicated whether they can deaf and just do a fine .
the deaf person gestured he could n't hear .
it can create the word that later . he can do more .
the researches cause problems for our ra , residence counselor , you know , the one who checks up on the dorms .
now it 's perfect , but during night it snows , every day .
so , i have lived there for around almost almost six years .
there was no intimidating . the speed limit there was 75 mph .
... because they change up , they will give the parents to the hall coordinator .
the parents lied and blamed the situation . the deaf person said , " wow , fine . "
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker .
