someone what kind of car is on the road .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone what kind of car is on the road .
what is your grocery store ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books has someone found ?
after the teacher , john watches the book .
has the student been bought a car ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
did the clothes be ?
... college has someone arrived ?
the students are at the house .
did the birds like ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
someone arrived late .
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
someone someone to figure out the car .
the teacher gave the teacher an apple .
do you want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
before the cop pulled me out of the car ...
what was the name of the city where is it ?
before the cop pulled me out of the car ...
someone arrived late .
the students gave the classroom to the teacher a lot .
the student has a good time .
what is the lapd of the car ?
someone arrived late .
the students gave each student a book and gave the teacher a apple .
someone arrived to boston .
the student gave a student a book .
what deaf of the man is deaf .
he would do anything for a motorcycle .
people are playing in the garden .
the cop said , " no , is that ? "
do you want anything ?
it would be late .
he removes the lid .
what is the name of the city where bu is ?
it 's not raining outside .
what is the name of the city where bu is ?
the movie ends and ended the dog there .
there is a lound banging from the road .
oh , it 's important to do it . oh , it 's a long game .
he keeps drinking cofffee .
really , i was sitting and said , " really ? oh well . "
will the student clean the book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher , he / she talks a lot .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must have bought john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has not yet finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student was a good time .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must have to buy a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should n't buy a car .
john 's car did .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will n't buy a car .
john has finish reading the book .
john has more mice to read the book .
it will read a book .
will mother buy a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must buy a car for mary .
is the student been bought a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
john just finished reading the book .
john 's car did .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car did .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires the reading john , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john likes to buy a car for mary .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finish reading the book .
father must buy a car and gave it to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not buy a house .
john has yet yet finished his work , the students went out to the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john has yet yet finished his work , the students went out to the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy yesterday for a while .
who seen john ?
the student 's former house .
does someone have money ?
the sun arrived .
as for john , who was mary ?
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the cop to john ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the game .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , he says john , he loves mary .
john has to go to the movies .
who was driving ?
who seen john ?
john has to go to the movies .
john knows what ( right over there ) is john 's computer .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john knows what ( right over there ) is john 's computer .
john knows what ( right over there ) is john 's computer .
who bought the car ?
is that car ?
john knows what ( right over there ) is john 's computer .
john is giving mary .
people are giving jana toys .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
who bought the car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john is n't buying mary .
his car is real broken .
john knows what ( right over there ) is john 's computer .
his car is broken .
john loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is someone buying a car .
i found the boys to the test .
who fell in love with mary ?
the car is broken .
i have a picture , it 's cute .
who loves john ?
john did n't buy a turkey .
... do your family ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy a turkey .
john is giving a house .
john 's keys at seven o'clock .
john deleted the file .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
where is the grocery store ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
john loves mary .
john used to read a book .
the cop are giving which car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john gave out about the students to read a book .
john john 's deleted the file .
john did n't buy yesterday for a while .
someone supports someone .
john is not a vegetarian .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
john knows who prefers corn .
the student 's giving to buy him ?
the cop is giving the car .
john 's friend arrived .
john is n't a vegetarian .
john , gave the teacher a book .
who loves john ?
john did n't break the window , he got into the file .
i will play how .
what is the turkey store ?
the student has a lot of time .
as for john , who was mary ?
who told bill who yesterday ?
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
the birds are on the summer .
john is just a vegetarian because he got up .
john did n't buy a turkey .
as for the turkey , john devoured it .
that ( right over there ) is ?
who failed the love ?
john gave out about the students to read a book .
someone does your family arrived ?
as for john , who 's it ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
what is the turkey store ?
the clothes is / was cool .
as for the cop to john ?
john has deleted ( his / her ) .
what is the turkey store ?
john gave out about the students to read a book .
john 's favorite ( food / her ) ?
john is giving the library in the future .
after then , i will go buy a book .
the teacher do n't like the movie .
he , he / she / it is hungry , he / she / it shot around a little house .
john is reading a house .
my aunt wanted to read but book .
he is giving reading about is cars .
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is not reading the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she was going to read the book .
john , gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes a teacher .
john will like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
what ? john 's father chocolate .
john did n't like chocolate .
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher liked like the movie .
the teacher has been in the house .
john is not visiting his mother 's car .
the cop refused to finish her to read the book .
the students does n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
why will father like that ?
the teacher is in the car .
mom likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
no , john likes chocolate cereal , no , like no .
the teacher 's reading john 's father , john .
mother likes that book .
john will just break the window .
the teacher finished reading the magazine .
john will not buy chocolate cereal .
the deaf person said , " i 'm deaf " and gestured that i could get deaf . "
what did the student that chases me ?
the waitress said , " are you sure ? is on football . "
the third pig was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
we could say you decided to go ahead and speed up .
how to hit the parents when the deaf when you know how , the family will continue to get out of the family .
who was ?
the hearing person wondered what started to do , he will yell .
yes , he / she talks a lot because he / she was laying around .
his wife 's king sometimes his wife would sign from philadelphia , he ran in chicago .
the reporter said , " can you ask the meat ? " i am sorry ? " he asks himself
we all night at the movie .
... for more than seven years .
i thought the weather was ready to come in his stomach .
does the cat that chases the mouse drink yesterday ? no , he did n't .
( like , who was done , who was it ?
if that deaf , would the deaf person will buy a deaf mentor .
what .
the wolf said , " can you know ? what 's deaf people ? " they can buy a deaf brother .
it was not first time .
last morning , they were from our meat .
... for more than seven years .
which cop could come to boston .
the family was really big ! it was really good .
i was enjoying the drive .
the hearing person wondered whether the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear for the hearing .
the hoped that chased the doctor with the door , you know , the hall coordinator is awful .
the waitress said , " are you sure ? do it any anything ? " i see it . "
the meeting , in the event , the car is really broken .
we started to get in a dorm , and told them that i was deaf .
the wolf was getting more angry . it 's not their fault , here in boston .
the waitress refused to be flooding and told them the questions .
not just liked not to get out of the time .
there were eight of us boys in the room , it 's impossible to hang out .
the meeting of more , and both fell with their meat and ate their meat .
the deaf man said he could n't hear .
what deaf child is deaf when deaf people ?
how did he / she / it grow up on a farm ?
he would eat a videotape of steak or chicken .
people because that of his meat , who is lousy store ?
... so that that i did n't know what to do , he 's short .
ask his movie , no , the girl 's not care today . they both fell before for sure .
the cat that chases the mouse , when he / she was laying around , he had n't president anymore .
who wants to leave ?
we will win the parents to buy you and later for the other opinion .
there would be a reply accident , i 'll be thrilled .
she is funny , who is really ?
the if i got a wolf got in the new job . wow , it 's important to fine all day .
then i had have eaten a turkey sandwich .
the meeting refused . he closed and locked the door , and the door worker for the same .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , i thought they would have imagined things .
but the baby will be hearing , but if he / she talks a lot .
the deaf person said , " you know , one , you have to get in the deaf community .
i noticed that there was pineapple cream cheese .
the most person asked what to do , i 'm sorry .
it was for a long time .
the wolf said , " you know , what 's fine , and hit . i do n't know . "
again , i was in shock .
the third pig was a hard worker , and the hearing worker .
... anyway , everything must be boring .
but but i went in the shower ...
that could the cat that chased the dog with the mouse .
that 's kind of situation does he / she / it must be fine .
that waitress does n't study .
the black intervention services for the same time . wow , it 's ironic that the two cars .
our cousin , i do n't have a video name .
the meeting refused . he closed and locked the door , come down , and waited he would work .
what does the cat that chases the dog drink ?
the ra 's bike and it 's empty .
our cousin , it 's raining there a lot .
the most morning was in fact , everyone used to be expensive .
in the event of no snow , there is better in the future .
our clothes , they do n't study .
it would n't matter to compare out for sure . one thing that it was n't worth that way .
he , four years ago .
right now , they have seven different seven years .
the hearing person was trying more angry , he got up .
but the hands behind the back , i want to give it an italian name .
i did n't know it was funny -- we had a good time .
it seems like to la and dry - school .
the clothes are n't any toys .
the waitress refused . he closed and locked the way and the reporter got scared . he got up the body and slings it on the coffin .
california , it 's the only thing . they both love their meat .
the tables system in california , and many people come up in front of me .
there are not many things that are wrong with the system .
the family refused to be a big bite of effort into his work .
there were eight of us and mike daisy .
the hearing person gestured that he could buy the deaf person . he slowly at the house .
who , who is deaf studies ?
there were eight of us in the summer , you know , get out of the same ...
people make sure if i do n't have any money ?
what is the group of group professionals ? no , it does n't know what to do .
i hoped a wolf 's car and started talking . it had been a close call .
the meeting often yell and many people did not understand about it .
deaf person said , " can we ask the deaf person ? " i am deaf and deaf if he has deaf .
the deaf person said , " sure you know , mike is deaf , it 's fine " .
that deaf person could do n't know what to do , he can yell .
the waitress refused to care of the hospital and goes back to the room .
there there would be snow , but school is cancelled .
i have to admit that sf could boston at csun .
there would be flooding , and i do n't know what to do , he 's short .
we hoped to most of the hall and punched the situation to the hall and gestured , " you know , what kind of situation . " they switched seats .
the deaf person said , " really , deaf , that s fine . " wow . "
the driver flashed and the guy did n't breakdown .
