someone refused to sell a lot of effort into the work .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone refused to sell a lot of effort into the work .
someone arrived at the country .
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
is someone watching the book ?
after by , the teacher , is giving the student to read .
has the student been car funny ?
, the teacher gave each student a book .
did the see something ?
why do you have an imac ?
the students is in charge .
did the see something ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
someone arrived late .
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
someone plays the guitar .
the teacher cleans the classroom .
" i do n't want to see any end zone ...
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
someone arrived late .
your wife asked , " why do you ask ? "
i was really upset .
your wife asked , " why do you ask ? "
someone arrived late .
all the students in the students each in the test .
when the students requires the student , the teacher will go to the teacher .
i was really upset .
someone arrived late .
each of the students gave the teacher a apple .
john arrived at work .
the student likes to read the book .
that 's because the deaf man gestured he could n't hear .
the hearing man got into the car .
is your family strange ?
is the king of france bald ?
you decided to go ahead and build up up .
it 's the only thing here in in boston .
it 's the only thing ?
what is the video phone ?
what is the video phone ?
the man arrived at the farm .
the clothes finishes on the farm .
there is no tax .
the reporter arrived on the fire and it grew .
there is no homework today .
really , vince lombardi told his men ...
will the teacher come to the car ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the student will buy the book .
why should father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car to john .
the student 's father bought a book .
mother will buy a house .
john finished at the students to read a book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student enjoys reading but the students is in charge .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that girl john 's father must give you to the car to buy .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should n't buy the turkey .
did john break the window ? yes , i did .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john is going to the car to buy a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't break the window , mary did .
did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
john just finished reading the book .
did john break the window ? yes , i did .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
did john break the window ? yes , i did .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't break the window , mary did .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the competition .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out there wo n't be cancelled , he usually takes away .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there wo n't be cancelled , he usually takes away .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy a turkey yesterday .
who saw mary ?
the students do n't care .
does someone have money ?
is the video phone clear ?
as for john , who was mary ?
who likes chocolate ?
is sue buying a car ?
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to the house .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my keys , who loves him ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
he 's mary and goes to work .
john should go .
who failed mary ?
who saw mary ?
john should go .
john just finished his work .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car there is stolen .
john just finished his work .
john just finished his work .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's father 's car ?
john just finished his work .
john is giving the girl to stop .
is that videogame easy to beat ?
john is constantly driving mary to work .
that car is broken .
that book is that john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there is john 's father 's car .
john is giving the girl to take him to work .
that 's car is broken .
john just finished his work .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car is broken .
i need to exercise after .
who failed mary ?
no , the car is broken .
why do you have money ?
who loves john ?
john bought a book yesterday and gave it to his mouth .
why are they chasing me ?
is sue upset ?
john bought a book yesterday and gave it to his mouth .
john is giving the grass house .
john 's king arrived .
john watches the window .
who did john see who ?
who arrived late ?
i arrived boston .
who arrived late ?
is sue buying a car ?
as for john , mary loves him .
john finished reading the book .
is that videogame easy to beat ?
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play the sack at 10 o'clock .
john knows the answer .
john did n't buy a turkey yesterday .
someone bought the car .
john is just able to finish his job as the lights went out .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
where did john see yesterday ?
as for the mouse , who 's driving ?
no , the car is broken .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl a book .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john is n't a vegetarian . wow , he is awful !
i found out of the fall of my mind .
what did john hit me ?
is that the students beat ?
as for john , who loves mary ?
as for my umbrella , who loves him ?
is sue buying a car ?
no , the car is broken .
the game is really hard .
when john reads the window , he asks himself , what 's that ?
john bought a book yesterday and gave it to his mouth .
as for the turkey sandwich , john devoured it .
he / she talks a lot .
who failed the exam ?
john used to play the sack at 10 o'clock .
someone arrived late .
who 's mother buying a car ? no , he never takes amy .
john did n't buy the turkey .
is sue buying a car ?
what did john hit me ?
is the car going to the store ?
as for my keys , who loves him ?
john never found his keys .
what did john hit me ?
john used to play the sack at 10 o'clock .
john just finished work .
john used to play the sack at 10 o'clock .
after then , will you buy a book ?
the teacher wants to buy the teacher .
i think that the book can read the book .
john is a reading the house . wow , he is crazy !
my parents are giving a good book .
the cat that chased the dog ate the car .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is not in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
does john give mother to mother ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate to john .
john likes the teacher .
john will like the movie .
the student likes to like chocolate cereal .
that car is really john 's car .
why is n't john n't chocolate cereal ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes to like the movie .
yes , the teacher arrived at the house .
john is giving the mother chocolate cereal .
the game finishes before the book arrived at bu .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will donna like that book ?
the teacher gave each student a test .
mother likes movies .
have you driven the book ?
dad likes john likes chocolate cereal .
it 's only raining there 's used to john .
mother likes the movie .
john did n't break the window , james did .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read the book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear and i had a deaf person .
what is that the story ?
really , it 's a big difference freak here in boston . "
the deer looked and thought , " wow , he is lucky ! " .
it can create a word , you hate the ras .
so , bill 's how powerful the parents that the deaf person was tired .
just fell in an field , who is it that ?
the hearing person thought " wow , there 's a missing link . " i was relieved .
near the end of the semester , you can not get scared . it 's a good time .
his wife intervention no through the motorcycle , separated his shoulder , sprained both his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
of course , it 's fine , i just teasing it . he looks like it .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
... it used to be closed for fifteen o'clock .
... and here in boston is that the fall , in september , seems about the same .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if we change that , it 's awful .
like , who 's your job like who ?
if a deaf child does not have a deaf mentor , they will not to expensive .
the screening shows that the baby is deaf .
the deaf man said , " can you ask ? which do he want to buy ?
one night three of us went upstairs -- we lived on second floor ,
from his shoulder , which means found his retirement , " found it . "
... that it 's more humid here in boston .
i have never heard of it 's test .
wow , it 's a big cooler across here .
i was enjoying the drive .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family in fact move again , and they have good of trouble at csun .
people would n't be creative , and um ...
in la , the weather is really unpredictable . it 's just close to me .
i woke up and realized that a good of food was good or it .
it seems that the wolf was getting more angry . here , it 's the same idea here in boston .
wow , there 's a missing link as the other intervention .
i 'm not laughing , i do n't care .
it 's near the log , it 's still hot and dry , every day in boston 's mexico .
of course , it 's fine , i used to think people have bad weather here .
a deaf person gestured he could some hear for a while .
will the screening group about ?
so , the family must have a deaf role model supporting them .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right rodney .
people were tents in la . the meat is awful ; some people ca n't speak english .
so , the family in fact move , is probably important to move away .
ask his shoulder , no , we used to stop because and if it is , the baseball tonight would n't be cancelled . "
what 's the group of the group about ?
who failed the exam ?
even , for example , for example .
... and realized that the wolf was trying to come down the chimney . " ahh ! hurry ! "
that 's pineapple cream cheese .
" i could go to the roof in public so , i do n't know .
i have to take the test again .
the trees pass by , as lightning strikes and rain pours .
they would cause problems for the ra , residence counselor , you know , the one who checks up on the dorms .
but ... he did n't decorate that silber is in la .
it was the same thing any regular life -- later they would work at the deaf community .
it 's the same time any regular life -- later they would work at the post office , the family would continue to be disappointed and their grief progress .
the reporter asked , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? "
... at the nearby market .
here ( in boston ) , they have good and hungry .
last year , there 's a fine system at csun in case you caused trouble .
it 's near the end of the semester ,
... and found that the hall coordinator .
but in la , they still took lapd 's word .
that 's only typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , too , because i ate a steak there .
when something 's near the end of the semester , it 's impossible to hang out .
they regathered the groups to intervene and both people on . it 's the same idea as in chess , seems about the same .
our cousin , i do n't have money .
it 's the same thing with siberian tigers -- their stripes vary . it 's the only thing here in boston .
that 's pineapple cream cheese .
it 's near the end of the semester area of the similar idea .
it 's near the end of the semester , it 's impossible to hang out .
last year , there 's a missing link system in boston , it 's impossible to hang out .
in the future , the game is really hard .
near the end of the semester , they are not any of them .
still , it 's a big big difference here in boston , in la it 's impossible to be degrees .
four years ago at california state university northridge ...
now today because there 's a hurricane now ?
it was the same thing any regular life -- later they would work at the post office , or , i do n't know ...
but , they still took lapd 's word against rodney king 's .
i have to admit that sf copies boston a shirt and a good time .
it was perfect -- there was a fine system in boston .
no , it 's the only thing .
oh wow , there 's a missing link . "
the baby said , " you know , fine , " he said .
it was perfect -- there was a good distance between in boston , it 's impossible to hang out .
there were no cops ...
there is no strict . there was no tax .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right way .
the deaf person began to get angry . when you ate a meat , he / she talks a lot .
of course , it 's fine , who is deaf ?
it 's eleven on eleven ; when in la it 's dry , every day ,
still , it 's a big difference from here .
he had made a videotape of himself riding on one wheel at 80 to 90 mph and hit a rock .
the tapper thrusts his hand into his victim 's body and pulls out the heart .
it 's the same idea with siberian tigers -- their stripes vary . it 's the same idea here in boston .
the deaf person said , " can we ask the parents that he / she is perfectly fine .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear at all .
he can do anything for a motorcycle , like , that 's fine .
the same policy money for sheep . they used to stop expensive , and live .
it 's still hot here at night , but in la it 's dry , but it 's still easier to grow crops in the l.a . area ,
since , i have lived there for around almost three years .
there was no waiters . the speed limit in the summer , it 's an honor .
... still taking punches , they used to be expensive for fifteen years , or something .
people were supposed to show the parents that i was deaf .
it was the same as any regular life -- later they would work .
