does your friend drive .
did mother buy a book ?
does your friend drive .
what happened i was sitting ?
mother bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone was planning to the library .
... and the teacher came over to the car .
has mother bought a car ?
the teacher came over to the teacher .
do you want to see ?
why do you work ?
the box is really broken .
did you graduate high the internet ?
did mother buy a car yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
did the teacher like the movie ?
does your party like the car ?
the teacher cleans the classroom .
do you want to see your eye ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
it was close by , twenty minutes away .
the reporter came up .
it was close by , twenty minutes away .
has someone seen joan ?
the students really listen to the teacher .
... and the students come to the teacher .
the reporter was really scared . muhammad ali put him back in his seat ,
has someone seen joan ?
the students really listen to the teacher .
why do you work all night ?
the students listen to the teacher a book .
the deaf man wondered that he had been deaf .
... and realized that the wolf was trying to come down the deaf mentor .
the air is lousy .
we just joined the lottery .
do you want to see ?
it 's the only thing .
i was driving through the country .
the boat was really slow . it 's ironic that i used to do it .
what is the grocery store ?
the box was really slow .
the clothes are on sale .
there is a lound banging , and the house shakes .
the reporter asked ali 's wife if he was nothing .
it is n't a big deal .
the reporter said , " really , i saw it very clearly . "
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is in the class there right now .
the teacher gave the student one book .
why did father buy the book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
that student 's father must give john a car .
the student 's mother bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john used to finish his read a book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student was in the middle of the students one book .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary has been a vegetarian .
the student 's mother will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) mother chocolate .
john 's car broke down .
has that book on john ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
john , that ( right ) ) ) is john 's car .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after that , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
john has deleted the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that student 's john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's car there are good .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
you know that the car is broken .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't have to buy a house .
john was sitting on the grass when the lights went out .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when the lights went out .
did john finish reading the book ?
john just bought a new house .
who saw john ?
the students do n't like the movie .
does someone have money ?
arrived .
as for john , who was it ?
who does he like chocolate ?
is sue going to buy a car ?
john bought a car yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my keys , who was it ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does he like chocolate ?
he 's favorite ( food ) ) loves about .
john go .
who arrived late ?
who saw john ?
john go .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john loves the girl .
that was john 's car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is giving the girl boxes .
whose car is that ?
is that car there any ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is giving the girl boxes .
people are giving jana toys .
john loves mary .
that car is broken .
that ( right over there ) ) is john 's car .
that ( right over there ) ) is john 's car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
the car was broken .
john is giving the girl boxes .
his keys is beautiful .
john loves the girl .
that ( right over there ) ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone bought a car .
i had to admit that book .
who arrived late ?
the car is broken .
why are they chasing me ?
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
why are they chasing me ?
is sue going to the car ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
john is giving the girl a box .
john 's keys arrived .
john is waiting until next week .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived ?
why do you work ?
who arrived ?
is sue going to buy a car ?
john loves the window .
john finished reading the book .
the cop was not broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play football because the girl went out .
john broke the window .
john just bought a new house .
someone fell out of the car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is really broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
as for the mouse , who was it ?
the cop is not broken .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
i had to play high the email .
what was john 's car ?
france has a big dog .
john saw his keys .
as for my umbrella , who was it ?
is sue going to buy a car ?
the car is broken .
the library has a book .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john did n't buy the turkey .
there 's no rain .
he finished reading the book .
who prefers dark ?
john used to play football because the girl went out .
someone arrived someone .
john 's mother arrived .
john did n't buy the turkey .
is sue going to buy a car ?
what was john 's car ?
it is empty .
as for my keys , who was it ?
john just deleted a file .
what was john 's car ?
john used to play football because the girl went out .
john decided to move recently .
john used to play football football .
how many books has you buy ?
the teacher enjoyed for many cars .
he can read the book .
john is reading a house now .
my parents have a big book .
the cat that chased the dog over there ate a store .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
chocolate , john , gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave my car chocolate .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
what does n't john like chocolate ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher liked the movie but not like the movie .
yes , the teacher finished reading the book .
john is giving the girl his mother chocolate .
the game finishes on the magazine at csun .
the students does not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if for the boy , the cat will make ?
the teacher is car .
mother likes movies .
has john finished reading the book ?
dad likes chocolate cereal , like me .
it 's how many cars john 's car .
mother likes the movie .
john is going to give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john , in the future , is not buying a house .
the deaf man gestured that he could n't hear . i was deaf .
what does he / she / it leave for california ?
really , it is a big difference freak . it has a tray .
the cop looked at my friend and said , " he took drugs . "
they can throw to the tight end , maybe , or , i do n't know ...
so , on , the family in fact move , and the leader will have a deaf role model supporting them .
who fell with the hospital for ?
the study notices muhammad ali a specialist , audiologist , counselor , and social worker .
in the back , would be be able to get out , make sure .
it 's not from eleven on food . it was important to find diversity his stomach from his intervention , sprained both his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
the reporter was really scared . muhammad ali put him back in his seat , and said , " i am just teasing , who do n't worry ! "
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
it was perfect -- there was a good distance between the doors .
we got back on the bus and arrived at the campground .
sue was planning to show the deaf role model supporting them .
... like , who was that ?
if the deaf child does not have a deaf mentor , i will not deaf .
the screening shows that the baby is deaf .
he looked at my finger and said he would like to call for a second .
... it does n't matter a big trip . the state in the back of the raft , it 's important to keep an opportunity to do .
of course , i was very upset , i do n't have a way on the boat and slept .
... for more than seven years .
i have to admit that i 'm deaf .
it is really hot . it involves many things :
i was driving through beautiful .
the wolf inhaled deeply and blew at the house . the grass house blew away .
so anyway , fine , and fine ...
the food finally came . i looked again -- it had plain wonder bread for a bun .
in la , the weather is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , hot , cold .
we stayed up on the raft and arrived at the campground for our ra 's nevada .
... like , the hospital here is fresh and maybe .
the donut tire only lasts for 50 miles so , i really had to pull over soon .
it did n't even rain a little bit .
it 's important to escape the big storm . it 's the same idea as in boston 's boston , it 's important to grow crops in the back .
first of us , i think nothing compares with boston seafood . second , the meat here is fresh .
the deaf man said , " sure deaf , " he took a deaf breath . "
how many cars will the student buy ?
so , the family must have a deaf role model supporting them .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right way .
people were tents , and both people in front of us .
so , overall , there 's a missing link . it 's important that us two stayed on . it is important to be very hot .
of course , it does n't have to be sure if it 's the baseball game
that 's only typical of wymoning . on , it 's important to move out in the same community .
who arrived ?
... for more than seven years .
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what is a car ? "
that 's pineapple cream cheese ?
i hoped but really , the hall coordinator is big " b " word -- i do n't want to say it here .
then i have lived on a tour .
the food said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? "
they maybe would have to send the bill to the parents .
but , the baby is n't broken at all .
you have to make sure that deaf child in boston deaf , or many other things .
the food finally came . i looked again -- it had plain wonder bread for a bun and a tiny little burger .
the cop thought to himself that i would n't go to the hospital . "
... it can create many things .
the donut tire only lasts for 50 miles and really had to do more than one .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right way .
... it can create a fumble , i saw myself .
... and he got back in the shower .
but maybe i could just let them know and say that story .
that 's so typical of wymoning .
that 's so typical of wymoning .
the same thing that chases me ; i was n't d- .
they would cause problems for our ra , residence counselor , you know , the one who checks up on the dorms .
the boat was really slow . it 's ironic that i used to do it .
the donut tire only lasts for 50 miles so i really had to pull over .
that 's because that kind of situation .
... and the cop found the running thing .
the raft headed down the river . the man in the back , our leader , ...
the next morning , i picked up but the metal corner .
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
near the end of the semester , i do n't know .
it 's the same as any regular life -- later and waited and waited .
four years ago at california state university northridge ...
because there 's no snow outside , my mom will yell .
the cop was in the middle of the raft .
but , they will be sure if there 's an emergency in the summer .
i just thought it was eleven guys hitting another eleven guys . it was strange , too .
it is perfect -- there was a good distance between the doors .
it 's not raining outside .
it 's the same as any regular life -- later and moved south to the new york .
one of us . two , two people had a good time .
there are two different things . it 's the same idea as in boston : it 's a thinking game
there were no cops . the speed limit ...
the food was really slow . wow , it was an honor .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right way .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear . he had had a total of call on the child .
who does n't like that ?
we stayed up on the bus and it 's our rainy , it still feels nothing to find an umbrella .
... do you know , it 's your turn to play again . "
he had made a videotape of himself riding on one wheel at 80 mph !
he pries open the coffin
it 's eleven on the log at the early intervention . it 's the same idea .
deaf , fine , and deaf , and deaf , and deaf .
the deaf role model who has been trained can show the parents that he / she is perfectly fine .
he started to really shake and the reporter got scared . he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation .
the leader would yell but we should have to wait for the cop to arrive .
it 's eleven on eleven ; in la , it still feels hot , too . it had a big log on it .
i have to admit that i had become deaf .
it was close by , twenty minutes away from our camp ground .
... because they were very ready to get out of nevada , 45 or cool .
the doctor lied and blamed the bricks . the deaf man said , " are sure ? "
the study notices ( the whole accident ) on the ground .
