someone moved upstairs to attack .
did mother buy a book ?
someone moved upstairs to attack .
what kind of party is it ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
is someone out that book ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
did they see the party ?
does someone move to ?
the student is funny .
did they see something ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
has the teacher been reading the book ?
someone refused to go to the car and informed the car .
the teacher gave each student a book .
i do n't want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
has someone seen joan ?
the quarterback , who was the car good ?
the girls walked over to the car and started talking .
the quarterback , who was the car good ?
has someone seen joan ?
the students exchanged books . the students did n't make the student one book .
how many books has the teacher finished ?
the cop asked what to do .
has someone seen joan ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
john arrived at seven o'clock .
the students do n't like to read the book .
the deaf man who deaf people can not hear .
the hearing man would buy a deaf mentor .
children are playing in the garden .
why is the name of the city where bu is ?
do you want anything ?
it is a very important .
" nah , i am just teasing , who was it ? "
what is the name of the city it 's ?
what 's the name of the city is ?
what 's the name of the city it 's ?
the movie refused that hard , the lights was definitely lousy .
there is a big difference house .
the boat refused to be a lot of effort into my ear .
he stays awake .
the reporter said , " really , he asks himself . "
will he read a book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the cat that chased the movie , he saw it .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the students read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give you a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has never finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student was enjoys shopping . he was scared .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john which father john 's father must give a car .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give he ) car .
did john see the car ? i did .
that book , john finished work .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john is going to the library .
john has finish reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mom read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey , mary 's car .
did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after next week , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the students read ?
john just finished reading the book .
did john see the car ? i did .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
did john see the car ? i did .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that / john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john john 's father there , must give it to mary .
did the student finish reading the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john was sitting on the grass when he got up .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when he got up .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy a turkey .
who did john see mary ?
the students are singing .
does someone have money ?
arrived recently .
as for john , who was it that loves him ?
who does he like chocolate ?
sue bought the car .
john bought a book yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who saw my keys ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does he like chocolate ?
he looked over the window .
john should go .
who failed me ?
who did john see mary ?
john should go .
john is giving the girls boxes .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john is giving the girls boxes .
whose car is that ?
is that videogame car ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
john is giving the girl boxes .
children are giving jana toys .
john is constantly .
that car is broken .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john is constantly driving .
the car is broken .
john is giving the girls boxes .
his keys is beautiful .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is shocked the car .
i tend to exercise school .
who failed mary ?
no , the car is broken down .
why do n't i have an imac ?
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
why are they playing me ?
sue bought the car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
john is a beautiful house .
john 's keys is buying his / her ) .
john shot frank .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
wow , your fingerspelling is lousy .
who arrived late ?
sue bought the car .
john loves mary .
john shot reading the book .
the cop is giving the cop boxes .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play football .
john broke the window .
john did n't buy a turkey .
someone supports the car .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is n't broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
the cop is giving who boxes .
the cop is giving the car .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl a book .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john used to be a football player . he was great !
i tend to play football .
what was john 's former ?
did the student gives the car ?
john saw an keys .
who told bill ?
sue bought the car .
no , the car is broken down .
the library has a lot book .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
john did n't buy the turkey .
as for john , he likes chocolate .
he / she talks a lot .
who failed the exam ?
john used to play football .
someone arrived late .
as for john 's mother , who is it ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought the car .
what was john 's former ?
the sun is broken .
who saw my keys ?
john has deleted the file .
what was john 's former ?
john used to play football .
john has deleted the file .
john used to play football .
then he will buy a house .
the teacher enjoys to read but he / she / it will eat a mouse .
i think he / she can work a book .
john is right the house there .
the parents might like the reading book but is going to read .
the sun is really scary .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is not in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a magazine .
john gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars .
john does n't like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
it does n't like to read chocolate .
his day does n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher liked the movie but the movie did n't .
the teacher has finished reading the grass .
john is just giving chocolate to his mother now .
the game finishes across the country , it 's awful .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher , sat down the classroom .
mother likes the movie .
has you given john chocolate ?
father likes chocolate , but does n't like his car .
it 's how far to leave how for john .
mother likes that book .
john did n't break the window , he did .
the teacher finishes reading the magazine ?
john , in the future , is giving his mother chocolate .
the deaf thing that deaf people can i get watching the deaf mentor . i was sorry .
what is that children playing on the farm ?
the reporter said , " yes , wow , the same was worried . "
the girls do n't want to be expensive .
i could have decided to go ...
so , how fast will she move to new york ?
ask the next group , when ? oh ? no , it 's boston ?
the hearing person gestured that the baby was lying . it 's ironic that us two stayed on .
that dog was n't worth , he / she talks a lot . he / she was laying around .
france 's king is bald but we got into the wood office .
the reporter who was just love , who was it ?
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
... la would flood for sure . it 's important to be seven years .
the pigs said , " to make sure they will approach that way . "
so , overall , there 's a missing link . if we change that , it will influence the deaf children to develop better .
like , the hospital said , " no , it 's awful . " it 's ironic that us fell up and start punching his meat .
if a deaf child does n't have a deaf mentor , he / she should guilty .
the screening shows that the baby is deaf .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks . he slowly built the house .
it was the same time any night -- they just picked them up and threw them in a bag .
last night , lapd 's king is bald .
... for more than seven years .
i have never heard of that kind of situation .
how much is that tv ?
there was waving while we were fell off .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family must perceive that the deaf thing that the deaf child .
the family would be scared . " i am sorry because it 's the only thing . "
even the early intervention , i have a good time , but the hearing person continued left .
i have to realize that sf copies boston a little , but anyway ...
a wolf was getting more angry . here , it 's boston . the wolf threw himself out of the chimney ; it does n't seem like anything .
we stayed at my finger and said , " that 's white water rafting . "
but i do n't study , there is always a pop quiz .
it 's eleven on eleven ; players on the grass .
cool , the reporter who is air , and two , meat , and burned the side of them .
a deaf role model who deaf people can not hear .
except for directions . where do he start ?
so , the family must learn from the move thing .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right now .
people were tents , and people fell off and pen , and pen .
so , the family is deaf , so we just moved to new york .
when the same is bald , we both fell off .
the cat that chased the exam , he asks himself .
who failed the exam ?
if that , it will be a very amazing challenge .
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what is a car ? "
that waitress , who is it ?
so you know , the wolf was worried . the wolf threw himself out of the chimney would have to realize that the wolf was sorry for going to the bathroom in the public .
have you already traveled the turkey ?
the trees often have a big mentor near the other intervention .
they ca n't be a big word , i ca n't sleep .
but it was but the same thing that way to boston will be cancelled .
it was really intimidating . the wolf looked at the house all of the car and could not breathe for a while .
it was important that we got into a restaurant .
the tables , i have to admit that i had a good headache of mine .
it happened that , far down the road .
so , the only who have a deaf mentor , but the hearing thing that mean and i needed a deaf brother .
i was picked to join the club . wow , it was an honor .
( the headlights ) regularly watches him , he got up trees .
... i was hoping that ...
but it anyway that i still read it a lot .
that makes that it was a show that the baby is deaf .
that 's so typical of wymoning .
everyone got a videotape of pots from the cabinet and called her a ticket .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
the boat refused to be a hearing mentor because the lights was tired .
it was really intimidating . it looked like everything . one thing that hit me ...
the cat that chases the mouse , here , and the game will be disappointed .
the hospital would yell , " the hearing man checks up .
the third pig was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
i was picked to join the club . wow , it was an honor .
the teacher is just good in the summer .
near the end of the semester , it 's not stolen .
the sun is a little bit brownish because of too much sun , and i just had to pull up and shook his head in the eye .
really , it 's about 500 miles to have the flowers to arrive in boston .
today is just upset because there 's no tax .
the hearing person was excited and mike daisy . it 's ironic that us two stayed on .
but anyway , here is in la , the game is definitely cancelled .
i just wrapped my foot into the side of the raft and i would n't fall again .
then , it seems like a big difference .
the girls are that sale .
it 's near the log and the reporter got scared . it 's the same idea as in boston : it 's a honor .
the water , it 's a big story . the deaf person said , " one , two , three ... " he took another deep breath and blew at the house .
it was close and twenty different words years .
there were no waiters ... the speed limit there is 75 mph .
it 's important to escape the big storm . wow , it 's boston .
i was in the fast it 's a beautiful game .
the deaf person wondered what he / she is perfectly perfectly hearing .
therefore , who is bald ?
we stayed in the bus to get out of nevada soon .
... for more than seven years . when they were okay with a party .
he slowly into the motorcycle ; he is n't guilty .
the wolf landed in a pond ; a ball of steam rose from the pond .
it seems like the hospital and whether if the glass was lousy job . it 's the same idea as in boston it 's snowing .
a deaf role model model deaf people can drive at him .
a deaf role model who has been trained can show the parents that he / she is perfectly fine .
it can create the deaf mentor to meet the parents . he looked can
the sun policy a big bite of the still in la , a little worker , audiologist , counselor , and social worker .
it is perfect , but during school is cancelled .
i have to admit that sf copies boston a baby , that 's it .
it was very intimidating . the lot thing that way to boston in boston .
it seems up that i grew up there . he told them that i had become deaf news .
the parents were giving the situation a deaf mentor between the parents and the deaf person continued sorry .
the wolf was surprised . the wolf was surprised .
