someone just finished the lid .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone just finished the lid .
someone is n't a big interpreter .
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
is someone and buying a video phone ?
the teacher came in the book .
has the student been bought a car ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
do i want anything ?
someone arrived late .
the many cars is in shock .
did i see someone ?
did mother buy a car yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
has the teacher been giving the student one book ?
does someone look reading the games ?
the teacher gave the teacher one book .
do you want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
did someone move to ?
the girls asked ali shot down and talked to the party .
the boat was really slow .
the girls asked ali shot down and talked to the party .
who arrived late ?
the students really listen to the teacher and gave the teacher one book .
when the students are going to the movie , he will give it to the teacher .
who was the girls of beer ?
who arrived late ?
is the students going to the teacher one ?
does someone have money ?
the students gave the teacher a book .
that deaf person is really deaf .
the hearing man tapped a hearing person .
people are playing in the garden .
he died a lot of steak everwhere .
do you want to travel ?
it 's the only thing .
" who is that ? " i did n't have an answer ? "
it is n't important to have it on .
what is the car any ?
the cop came off and talked into my ear .
the cat that chased the dog ate there .
there is a lound banging , and people mingling .
the reporter asked ali 's wife if he was alright .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
the reporter asked muhammad ali a simple question .
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is in the class there right now .
the student must buy the movie .
who bought many books ?
how many books did the student have ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give father to john 's car .
the student 's mother bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john 's father finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student was surprised shopping for a while now .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that car there is n't john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't see anyone .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john , is john buying a car ?
has john finished reading the book ?
john must finish reading the book .
about many books will john buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must buying a car for mary .
did the student buy a house yesterday ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student have ?
john just finished reading the book .
john did n't see anyone .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did . he 's lucky .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see anyone .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must give it to mary .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
you have to car to john and gave it to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john is going to the library , he got into the shower and started to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john is going to the library , he got into the shower and started to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy a yesterday .
who saw john ?
the teacher i have a car .
does your party start ?
arrived and start tired .
as for john , who was a drive ?
who does he like chocolate ?
is sue going to the car ?
john bought a book yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my car , who was it ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the library tomorrow .
who does he like chocolate ?
as for john , he says ( he / she ) wants to use a computer .
john should go .
who arrived ?
who saw john ?
john should go .
john is giving the girls boxes .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john is giving the girls boxes .
whose car is that ?
is that car there any ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
john loves ( him ) .
the girls are giving jana toys .
john loves mary .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john is giving the girls boxes .
his keys is tired .
john is giving the girls boxes .
his keys is beautiful .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's the car is before .
i found off and then found my students .
who arrived ?
the car is broken .
i why have one air in the back in the back .
who loves john ?
john bought a car .
why did you put the tree ?
is sue going to the car ?
john bought a car .
john is giving the car a house .
john knows the answer .
john shot the file .
who did he / she ?
who arrived late ?
is the video phone clear ?
who arrived late ?
is sue going to the car ?
as for john , mary loves him .
john finished reading the book .
the girls are giving his car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play a book .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john did n't buy a yesterday .
someone 's the car .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is really broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
who is cooking dinner ?
the girls are giving john boxes .
john 's keys tomorrow .
john is giving the reading one book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john used to be a football player about six o'clock .
i found my umbrella .
the cop came .
one student has the students a lot of interesting people .
as for john , who saw him to ?
who told bill ?
is sue going to the car ?
the car is broken .
as for the book , the teacher who goes up .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
john bought a car .
as for john , he likes chocolate .
he / she did n't read .
who failed flowers ?
john used to play a book .
has someone seen joan ?
who 's mother buying a car ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
is sue going to the car ?
the cop came .
the clothes is lousy .
as for my car , who was it ?
john has deleted the turkey .
the cop came .
john used to play a book .
john has deleted the file .
john used to play every school .
after he finished reading the book , he will give it to buy a house .
the teacher wants to buy a lot .
he / she does n't want to read a book .
john is reading a house .
my parents wrote a book .
after he / she / it is hungry , he / she talks a lot .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is not in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
john , gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate to john .
john likes chocolate .
john will not like the movie .
that student does n't like chocolate cereal .
what he is crazy about reading the car .
why is n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes chocolate cereal , not movies .
the teacher has finished reading the grass .
john is giving the girls boxes .
after the game , i have to clean the book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if for father liking that ?
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother finished reading the book ?
dad likes john , like this car .
about many many cars have john give john to john ?
mother likes that book .
john , john , he is giving the girls mother .
after the teacher finished reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf thing i 'm driving and i could n't hear . that the deaf person did not .
why did he / she / it grow up ,
really , it 's fine and i got a good time .
the wolf looked at the pig and said , " do n't do it again "
i can not hold that football could have , that kind of situation .
so , how for bill move to new york , it wo n't be a deaf deal .
who fell with the police store ?
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
that dog is n't mine .
his mom is bald . no , it 's important to find an group for drug intervention , stopping intervention mph and beautiful or things to have no money . so , they ask the same checklist .
the reporter was really scared . it 's ironic that us two two fell on . it 's boston .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
... for more than seven years .
... and here in boston is that the fall , in september , seems about the same .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . we ate quickly , that 's it .
like one years , who was it who looks like fast ?
if a deaf child does n't want to buy a deaf mentor .
that deaf person is somewhere old .
the hearing person said , " can we ask the hit thing ? " he was lucky . "
they had a leader of steak and people would still live about it .
from now on , lapd 's food is deaf .
... for more than seven years .
have i saw my two brothers or maybe ?
bill is really upset .
i pulled her back onto 80 .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
the wolf looked at my finger and said , " ok , that is fine . " he took a deep breath and blew at the house .
while i was growing again , i do n't know , it started with a k. it 's a long word , that river .
like for example , the fruits and nurse would be better .
i have to admit that football could have on the shampoo , well , that`s in the sun .
... like , they were really ready to drive , and even if i did n't have that way . they all all the way and there was a good time .
the donut tire is a little bit brownish because of too much sun , and there is not enough rain to feed the flowers and plants .
after not studying , i do n't know that i was just young .
it 's eleven on eleven ; players on the two teams match up in the fall and tan .
of course , it 's because l.a . i just have to stay here and stay at the air of the air meat .
the deaf thing that deaf people can not hear . he deaf deaf person .
mother will not buy a house .
that 's how powerful the language is ?
... for more than seven years .
people people would make sure they have paper and pen ready .
so , that 's how powerful the language is .
actually , it 's not from a motorcycle show . i think that it was n't hot .
the game is a little bit brownish because is too hot .
who arrived ?
we will be flooding for our seven years .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
i was in my keys .
i hoped that the wolf was trying to come down and the grass . i said , " oh , you know , the three of them . " they pick and choose .
i have to admit all night .
the trees pass by , as lightning strikes and rain pours .
i could n't know how , they could have to do more such as being involved in the deaf community ,
but it was important that i was n't laughing .
... but , they have a deaf mentor to meet the parents and the deaf person .
the reporter asked ali 's wife and nurse would have to move again again .
near the end of the semester , i can not socialize as much .
it 's illegal to not have a tax .
the same really , doctor , nurse , nurse , and i wanted to take a deaf sister . but a deaf person looked at him .
my x - ray result daisy . it 's ironic that us two stayed on .
it 's near the end of the semester , it 's impossible to hang out .
have they walked over .
but anyway , i went to the bathroom in the public .
that makes it with a mouse , like for example , they had n't president .
that 's so typical of wymoning . really , we probably bad and decided ... wow .
there are so on , that s fine at csun .
the early intervention services for sheep and then counselor , they have a hearing person .
the leader would yell but i had a good friend of mine there .
the donut tire is really strict . it looked like that .
that store , there 's always a pop quiz .
of course , i do n't know , a quarterback sack .
it was close by , twenty minutes to the ground .
i would have to admit that mexican food in boston is it to be new york .
the game is in front of rit .
near the winter , they 're not any of them .
there would be flooding , for example . in la , a loaf of bread and dry , every day .
really , i ended up getting arrested for that ?
now today because there 's no homework today .
the game refused . he closed and locked the door , sat , and waited .
but , they will be creative , but if i went to the bathroom in the public .
i picked up the shampoo bottle and dumped it on my hand . right after i poured it , it hit me that i said to myself .
cool , they have different deaf mentor , while i was in la ...
no , it 's not raining at this .
it 's important to escape the principal because i do n't know hard , but hey .
one of after six , it 's important that two two seasons . it was a lot of fun .
... and i picked up the raft and asked , " are you sure ? do you want anything ? " i said i wanted paper and pen .
i have no information of the car .
he tended to put a lot of beer everwhere .
... to make sure they just have to stay for the bathroom tonight .
the hearing person gestured he could n't hear . he slowly built the house .
that ? ? that ? ? that ? ? ? ? ?
in la , it gets a little bit cooler , but at same time it is n't be hot .
... for more than seven years .
he had a videotape of himself riding on the wheel at 80 mph ! !
he looks at the limp body in the coffin
it seems like the hospital needed to intervene and the grief progress individuals ' and answers to have a hearing mentor .
deaf deaf thing that she can not hear for a while a deaf deaf mentor , they have a deaf mentor .
a deaf person gestured that he could n't hear for a deaf mentor , they 're watching the deaf person .
he can told the men that later . he can do that he can fine .
the donut tire is a little bit brownish because of too much sun , and there is not enough rain to feed the flowers and plants .
cool , it 's because school is very better . it 's still hot . now , it 's important to drive across the country . deaf csun pageant .
so , i have lived there for around almost three years .
we would cause problems for our ra , residence counselor , you know , the one who checks up on the dorms .
... because i got a story in the raft , it 's very hot , too , because i got in la .
the parents are in my major , deaf studies . it 's the deaf person said .
the car was really slow . it 's not hot . i hope he / she is guilty .
