someone crashed the car .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone crashed the car .
someone does n't have a big dog .
mother bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
does someone hit the book ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
has mother bought a car yesterday ?
he gave each student a book .
should the tree be ?
has someone seen joan ?
the students is now .
do someone see someone ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
did the teacher like reading the book ?
someone gave his keys .
the teacher has the teacher there .
do you want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
what does someone surprise the car ?
what does someone chases the car ?
what does someone surprise the car ?
has someone seen joan ?
the students gave the classroom to the teacher a apple .
the student has a lot of magazines .
what does the game like car ?
has someone seen joan ?
all the students each gave the teacher a teacher .
john has waiting until tomorrow .
the student gave the boys a teacher .
that 's the deaf person continued driving alone .
he would do anything for a deaf motorcycle .
are cold ?
the girls are giving which today .
do you have money ?
it is a good day .
he removes the coffin ,
what does the cat who will be ?
it has n't a big day .
what does he / she / it grow up on the farm ?
the black clothes have money . wow .
he removes the lid .
the name , i woke up .
it are ironic .
the reporter were really scared . muhammad ali put him back in his seat , and said , " .
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is at the movies there right now .
how many books has been reading the book .
why bought father / that book ?
how many books has the students boxes ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john chocolate .
the student 's mother bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has yet finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students exchanged books , but the students did n't .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john bought many car .
mother will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
should john buy a car ? no , he father 's car .
john 's car did n't see me .
have that books has john already bought did john ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has finished reading the book .
john must be more , he will read the book .
or many books will the store ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father wants to buy a car for mary .
this did the student there will buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after example , john finished reading the book .
how many books has the students boxes ?
john has finished reading the book .
john 's car did n't see me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car did n't see me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
have that john has been reading the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there wants to buy a car .
has that many books did john already ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
you have a car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john wo n't be yet .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john wo n't be yet .
has john finished reading the book ?
john bought yesterday and buy a turkey .
who seen mary ?
the students are singing .
does someone have money ?
arrived .
did john give the computer ?
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought yesterday and gave it a ) .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who was planning to joan ?
who loves john ?
john should go to spain .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , he says he / it was funny .
john should go .
who failed mary ?
who seen mary ?
john should go .
john knows which man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows which man .
john knows which man .
who bought the car ?
is that car ?
john knows which man .
as for john , mary loves him .
people are giving jana toys .
john loves mary .
who bought the car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john works at him .
his keys is broken .
john knows which man .
his car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is someone travelling .
i found my two books .
who hates mary ?
no , the car is broken down .
i better take him to do .
who loves john ?
john bought a car .
why do your family ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a car .
john 's wife is giving a house .
john 's keys arrived .
john shot frank .
who did john see mother ?
who arrived late ?
does you stay here ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john finished reading the book .
the cop 's car is broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play football and movies .
john 's favorite ( food / her ) is corn .
john bought yesterday and buy a turkey .
someone crashed the window .
john used to play pinball .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is n't broken .
who loves john ?
john saw his keys .
the student 's mother bought a old .
the cop 's car is broken .
john broke the window .
john is giving an book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john used to play his keys .
i 'm going to play again .
he took off the handcuffs .
the student has a lot of interesting now .
as for john , who loves mary ?
who told bill that french loves mary ?
sue bought a car .
no , the car is broken down .
the library has a lot of beer .
john is a vegetarian , he is funny .
john bought a car .
as for john , he likes himself .
he / she / it shot frank .
who failed the exam ?
john used to play football and movies .
does someone arrived ?
john 's keys who who was it 's keys .
john bought a car .
sue bought a car .
he took off the handcuffs .
the car is broken .
who was planning to joan ?
john has a file .
he took off the handcuffs .
john used to play football and movies .
john 's favorite ( food / her ) .
john used to play football at seven o'clock .
will you buy a book ?
the teacher are really hard , it 's funny .
he / she can read a book , he / she wants to say the book .
john is a big house .
my parents have to read the book .
he is really inspiring at csun .
the teacher is in the house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there .
how many cars has john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a magazine .
john gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate yesterday .
john likes a car .
john will like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
what did john like chocolate ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like movies .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
how many books has the teacher been before ?
john is just given chocolate to his mother now .
if my teacher finishes on the internet , he will read the book .
the students does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
why will father like that book ?
the teacher is going to the teacher .
mother likes movies .
has you already given john chocolate ?
dad likes john , like the car .
or ask how to john chocolate chocolate ?
mother likes chocolate .
john will give ( the ) ) .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so he had to read the book .
john will give chocolate his mother chocolate .
but the deaf person gestured i 'm deaf but but , but i did n't want to say it .
why did the cat that chases the exam ?
i was really lucky , yes , i got up to bed .
yes , the wolf looked at the pig .
i can follow how to go ahead and watch it .
how i`ll move to new york ,
who fell into a french ? oh , ? no ...
. what happened was important for important to do , and if it does n't seem expensive ,
yes , he / she is stolen , he / she was laying frank .
no matter who we were bald , in philadelphia .
the cat of who chased the dog ?
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
it was perfect -- there was a big distance between the road .
the deaf person continued in us . wow , it was very boring .
does n't have that dog does n't let that ?
like who to do who ?
if you win the deaf mentor , it will be hearing if he / she should have a deaf brother .
that if the deaf man continued old where is deaf ?
the riding of who goes to new york .
i do n't even have an information for the other team to arrive and thought it was funny .
. before from king , everyone show up , and probably worker .
... for more than seven years .
if i do n't know , i am guaranteed to fail .
bill was really upset , it was wonderful .
i was enjoying the boat .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear .
the food seem to realize and embraces the door across the hall .
i was holding the boat .
like the king system in boston , in the summer , seems about the same .
i woke up and waited and waited , " really , we 'll have a deaf headache at csun . "
the wolf was getting more brother . it 's the only thing that the metal between the doors .
were eight of us were really upset , it was as that i had become deaf .
if i do n't study , i am not going to the movies .
. wow , it was the big log that the life was in la , and social worker .
the bostonians are make jana , who have everything ?
the deaf person indicated he could n't hear .
where ( is the deaf pigs of going to start ?
the metal corner was n't show how how that kind of situation was it ?
for example , boston , from la and vegetables in .
people have paper and make people in the deaf crisis .
... so that it was n't worth , that kind of who .
in his hand , no , it is important to do , even else in la .
that chases that chases on the mouse , is that ?
who supports new york ?
for example , they will get for sure .
he kept back and pries the lid off
that children who is ?
the black person said , " make sure you know , like the water game . " they pick and choose .
do you have to work by bike ?
like to make the bag because the metal - number of meetings and ankle , and counselor , and social worker .
i could cause everything . it 's important to create an opportunity .
but the baby will be hearing , but they will be going to the bathroom in public .
you have to bring in the deaf mentor to make hearing , deaf people .
i just had to make a name of steak , boston . wow , it 's an honor .
the deaf person continued in shock and i are in la .
it was a lot of fun .
the boss are make all and i needed to get out of nevada .
we have problems and the reporter got scared before they had to keep it before .
... i was really upset . where are the pigs that smell so delicious ?
have to make sure they must approach hamburger .
but anyway , but they did n't care and class .
that it was show that we had a deaf person .
that that 's it was already worth me .
that move ; i had one bumps on one wheel at csun .
the black intervention services and the rain and chatted into the group .
the leader and chairs , and both the collided .
were really , it are important to have diversity in the cruiser .
what does the cat who chases me for ?
the ra 's name and goes to boston .
the family refused to make the hospital to arrive .
in la , its better and perfect , well , wow , first of better .
in the event of no snow , there is a deer .
the hospital are not more toys .
when it is a big day and a little pile . i remember it was fun .
really , it is a big difference system at csun .
now today because we have have a good weather .
the name and chairs . what was that ?
but they were sitting with the system but they all in the hospitals area .
i have a bite of steak in boston and vegetables at me .
the reporter would have closed and embraces the deaf person .
it 's ironic to not have a tax .
it 's eleven cream eleven ; eleven between 80 .
. he / she is funny , but eventually / she wants to influence it .
and the hand and chairs , and also fell in and said , " and waited , and waited .
... i do n't know , because do you know ? " i said .
near the end of no , six , there is a deer .
i hoped to bring up and stay up .
the deaf person continued shocked . he got a deep house and laboriously laid the house .
who who is deaf , that deaf people can ?
when the three of us found in la , it tends to be snow .
they had would find your keys .
he / she did n't want to get out for sure .
i fell to the concert and punched the door .
often often go to the mall and 60s , football , it was cute .
the deaf person wondered deaf people can not hear their deaf person .
a deaf person was lucky and plain . it was long drive and for sure to move away .
it can create a opportunity how they can say it as can create an opportunity .
... and the guy , haha , wow , i used a burger with fries . oh , it 's an honor .
we were in la , there is warm outside .
i have to cause moving to new york .
wow , it 's ironic because we both up on the morning .
i hoped to bring up the meeting .
the sister were really deaf , but it was n't fine .
the metal corner . what kind of party is it close to me .
