someone beats the lottery .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone beats the lottery .
what is the name of friends fun ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
is someone watching the book ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
has the student been car shopping lately(all this time ) ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
do you want anything ?
someone are playing frisbee .
the car is n't broken .
do you want anything ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
someone arrived late .
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
someone was shocked the lottery .
the teacher cleans the classroom .
do you want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
someone arrived late .
my wife asked " why is it ? "
the sun sets . lightning strikes .
my wife asked " why is it ? "
someone arrived late .
all the students in the students , the teacher will give a teacher a book .
when the students finishes the test , he / she will tell a teacher .
my wife was messed up .
someone arrived late .
all the students in the students each gave the teacher a book .
have someone seen joan ?
the students gave the student a book .
the deaf man gestured he could n't hear .
the hearing man got into the car .
people is playing in the garden .
is the name of the city that rear today ?
do you want to go out to eat ?
it 's the only thing .
it did n't matter a late .
what is the name of the city that ?
what is the car start ?
the sun is really scary .
the clothes are good at csun .
there is one lound person .
the reporter asked ali 's wife if he was alright .
it 's the only thing .
the reporter asked muhammad ali a simple question .
will how books will the students read ?
the teacher is in the movies .
the student 's father must give the student to a book .
why should father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give you to john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john wo n't finish reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students clean the classroom everyday at the teacher .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that girl is john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house to a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) mother .
john did n't see the answer .
that book has john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
john has finish reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
which house did the student 's father buy ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
john just finished reading the book .
john did n't see the answer .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see the answer .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book has john finished reading .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must give the car to mary .
that book has john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the situation .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out there is waiting outside .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there is waiting outside .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy a turkey .
who saw john ?
the students are singing .
does someone have money ?
is the video phone clear ?
as for john , who saw him ?
as for me , he / she like ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the cop , who 's mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
as for me , he / she like ?
he 's giving ( his / a ) man .
john should go .
who failed me ?
who saw john ?
john should go .
john is giving the girl boxes .
as for john , mary loves him ) .
that was john 's car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is giving the girl boxes .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's former car ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is giving mary .
it is important to have diversity in the internet .
john loves mary .
that dog is really broken .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john is eating a sandwich .
the car is broken .
john is giving the girl boxes .
his keys is shocked .
as for john , mary loves him ) .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's king is bald .
i tend to exercise after class .
who failed mary ?
the car is broken .
why is they chasing me ?
who loves john ?
john bought a new house .
why are they chasing me ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a new house .
john is giving his house a house .
john 's keys .
john used to sell ( his / a ) name .
who is that john ?
who arrived late ?
in the future ,
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
john loves mary .
john used to read a book .
the cop was giving the car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play books and read a book .
john broke the window .
john did n't buy a turkey .
someone 's the car .
john used to sell his wife .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
as for the mouse , who 's driving ?
the birds are shocked .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl a book .
john should read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving his house there used to be sure .
i tend to exercise bob .
what 's john ?
the student has been playing shopping .
john saw an seen mary .
as for my umbrella , who loves it ?
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
the teacher wants to buy a book .
john is giving the girl a right key .
john bought a new house .
as for john , he likes chocolate .
he / she really finished reading .
who failed the exam ?
john used to play books and read a book .
has someone seen joan ?
as for john 's keys , who was it ?
john did n't buy a turkey .
sue bought a car .
what 's john ?
the birds are singing .
as for the cop , who 's mary ?
john has deleted the file .
what 's john ?
john used to play books and read a book .
john has deleted the file .
john used to play every year .
after he will buy another house ?
the teacher enjoys reading the magazine .
i think he / she is hungry , but the teacher said he / she would work at him .
john is a doctor .
my parents wants a book .
the cat that chased the dog over there ate a mouse .
the teacher is in the house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is not in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
the student 's mother giving john boxes .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother suspected that john loves chocolate .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
what he is crazy about john , cars .
his / john does n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does n't like movies .
the teacher does n't like the movie .
the teacher has been at the house .
john is giving his mother chocolate .
the game finishes across the magazine , the teacher will read a book .
the students does not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher is in the house .
mom likes movies .
has that book already john 's father 's chocolate .
father likes john 's car and is not talking .
it 's cold there 's many given about john .
mother likes that book .
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
will john give his mother chocolate ?
the deaf man indicated i could n't get a deaf role model , i did n't have a deaf brother . i was relieved .
what is the story of the city that ?
... really , football players now make millions of dollars .
the third behind down , i was looking around .
then , it can create an opportunity for the other team to arrive ,
the most will how to move in and live with it .
ask his group , who hates it ?
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear much .
near the parents that , he / she is n't guilty .
france 's king is bald . wow , it 's ironic because they used to have diversity in the group 's face because it 's near the end of his resources to stop king .
the reporter said , " oh . which do you prefer ? " i said i wanted paper and pen , haha .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
... it can create a fumble , in september , a loaf of bread seems ...
... and the cop found the situation funny -- we were lucky . they picked up a lot .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if we change that , it will influence the deaf children to develop better .
... like , it 's important to have a deaf mentor , the family asked , and the person asked , and the person asked , and the person asked , and started signing .
if a deaf man does not have been deaf ,
the screening shows that the baby is deaf .
the hearing man wondered that he could n't hear for a second opinion .
one night , three of us went upstairs -- we lived on second floor ,
near the end of the same , as for example , they used to be expensive .
... for more than seven years .
" i am going to peanut york , " i am sorry .
the family is really slow . wow , it 's important to be connected across .
the deer started to speed up .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
the food said , " wow , that s fine . " he took a deep breath and blew at the door .
... while he 's planning to ...
it was the same difference any regular life -- later they would work into the country .
the food finally came . i looked again -- it had plain wonder bread for a bun and a little little burger .
first of the pig , wow , it 's very humid here , and there ...
the researches have proven that her child would have to move across and live .
i 'm not sure if i will come to graduate school here at bu .
it 's eleven on eleven year , but when the students change to the teacher , in the future , and the cars come up to the teacher because it 's their same job .
here was close , they used different words seafood ; their family would yell them .
the deaf man indicated he could n't hear .
except for the deaf store , will they buy ?
the family refused . he closed and locked the door , sat , and waited .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right way .
our ra lived on third floor .
from food on , lapd should have to move about and live .
... from not under the boat , they used to stop because the teacher said , " no , not like ... "
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . in the summer , seems about the same progress .
who supports new york ? ?
if that is pineapple cream cheese then there will be a opportunity to move in and live .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
of course , it 's important to have an tax .
the food said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? " i said , " yes , that s fine . "
i had to finish the test again .
the tables and chairs were all wood . it was a close game .
they ca n't get out of the early intervention . they ca n't pick it so we ca n't sleep .
but , they will make the hit group to give it .
there are many things : they can pass the deaf mentor to meet the parents .
the third behind in the summer , as lightning strikes and rain pours .
the waitress said , " i 'm just teasing , " i do n't have an answer , and i do n't care .
it is very inspiring . there will be seven professionals total .
here ( in boston ) , they have good and stayed there .
as a boy , as lightning strikes and rain pours .
it 's near the end of the semester .
ask for , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
but in the la area , they can pass but a wolf will be hearing school .
it was important that i used to love expensive .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there soon .
as he / she / it is hungry , he 's short at them .
... they can get creative , audiologist , welcoming in the community .
our cousin , i do n't know . oh , wait a minute .
one night , three of us went in the shower .
that makes that chased the care of the semester where bu is ? oh it 's boston .
... and the cop found the situation funny -- we were lucky . we were relieved .
it was important to escape the big storm .
our ra lived on time . the hall coordinator was blown away .
the classes are in my major .
near the baby , they is not any of them .
in northridge , it gets a little bit cooler , but at same time it is funny .
really , really , it 's about 500 miles across nebraska .
last night , there 's an emergency now ?
the food said , " wow , that s fine . " they switched seats .
but , they still took lapd 's word against rodney king 's .
i picked up the shampoo bottle and dumped it on my hand . right after i poured it , it hit me that i could n't use that way .
... and here in boston , the weather is really hearing . it could n't be sure how ,
the car is n't broken .
... and the guy year wow , they is wonderful and pen .
one of the pig 's chasing , the family began individuals lousy more ' .
... and here in boston , i have some air straight across the country .
another hearing person thought , " nah " and said , " you know , i am going to sleep . "
our ra lived on third floor .
... and here in boston , the weather is really unpredictable .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear for a second opinion .
of course , it 's important to have that kind of situation .
when it happens to rain a little in california , sometimes , they used to get out of seven days in the fall .
... or anywhere than seven years .
what is he / she / it going to the store for ?
the hearing person thought , " wow , he is lucky ! " .
there 's many different options . it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's a thinking idea .
deaf , the deaf person said , " can be a deaf role model , they must missing the deaf person . "
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear .
he started to really shake and the reporter got scared . he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation .
the third behind through here , they used to be expensive .
cool , there is seven or seasons . in the summer , it 's important to hang in and live .
our ra lived on around six years , so there 's a missing cliques .
here ( in boston ) , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
last year , they still took lapd , going across there because we would feel seven years in the morning .
the parents would yell and embraces the deaf mentor . " i am sorry that your child is deaf " .
the car was really slow . it 's not hot , too , and not hot .
