why does your car already good ?
did mother buy a book ?
why does your car already good ?
what 's the name of the city ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone will read the book .
the teacher gave his student a book and a book .
has the car bought a car ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
did the three party ?
has someone seen joan ?
how many cars has / have the student(s ) ?
do you want to see someone ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
someone came upstairs , and had a good time .
the teacher gave the student an book .
do you want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
has someone seen joan ?
someone asked , " what should we do ? let 's wait and see . "
does someone like the car ?
someone asked , " what should we do ? let 's wait and see . "
has someone seen joan ?
the students exchanged books but not movies .
the student has finished reading the book .
why was n't tennessee clear ?
has someone seen joan ?
the students exchanged books and answers to the teacher .
someone arrived at the high office .
the students contributed the reading required but the students did n't read .
that makes the deaf person gestured he could n't hear .
the hearing man got into the car and started to speed again .
people are playing in the garden .
is the king of france bald ?
do you want anything ?
it 's the only thing to do it .
it 's the same difference socially -- it 's the same . i thought it was someone else messing with me .
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? oh it 's boston ?
it 's the only thing .
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? oh it 's boston ?
the dad has ended me .
he walks off the lid ...
the reporter asked muhammad ali a hearing person .
it 's the only thing .
really , i was sitting ...
will the teacher read a book later ?
the teacher now right now .
the teacher , does he / she / it want to the teacher ?
why do father buy a book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give that turkey ?
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john wo n't finish reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student has a book to read the book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary likes to buy a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should buy a car .
john 's car did .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john is going to a car .
john has not finished reading the book .
if john needs to finish the book , he will know more about lincoln 's book .
will read how many books will john ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading it .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought ?
john has not already finished reading the book .
john 's car did .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car did .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john has been car , he mary .
has that book to finish reading the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother did not buy a house .
when john finds out there wo n't be a test , he usually destroyed the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there wo n't be a test , he usually destroyed the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy yesterday .
who bought mary ?
the students are going to the student .
has someone seen joan ?
arrived .
as for john , he says ( he / john ) mary .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a book yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the mouse , who mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , he says , he loves mary .
john should go .
who failed mary ?
who bought mary ?
john should go .
john is just old .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is just old .
john is just old .
whose car is that ?
is that car there ?
john is just old .
john is not .
the girls are giving jana toys .
john is not .
that car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john is not .
that car is n't broken .
john is just old .
his keys is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is someone .
i found that book .
who failed john ?
no , the car is broken .
why are the grocery store ?
who loves john ?
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to his mouth .
why are they chasing me ?
is sue buying a car ?
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to his mouth .
john 's car is giving a sandwich .
john 's keys broke her .
john shot frank .
who did he / she see ?
who arrived late ?
do you have a imac ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john shot reading the book .
the cop are giving the car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play the party .
john 's mice broke the window .
john did n't buy yesterday .
someone supports the car .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
that was john 's favorite book ?
the car 's car broke down .
john arrived .
john is n't a good book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john used to be a football player . he was great !
i found off the road .
the cop arrived .
has the student been on the farm ?
as for john , who mary see yesterday ?
as for my umbrella , who is it ?
sue bought a car .
no , the car is broken .
the teacher are on the book .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
john bought a car yesterday and gave it to his mouth .
as for the turkey sandwich , john devoured it .
he / she talks a book .
who failed the exam ?
john used to play the party .
someone arrived .
john 's mother arrived .
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
the cop arrived .
the car is broken .
as for the mouse , who mary ?
john has deleted the file .
the cop arrived .
john used to play the party .
john has been treating .
john used to play football .
then will you buy the book ?
the teacher enjoyed the classroom but he / she will read .
he / she can cover a book to read a book .
john is a house .
my parents gave the book but the book is broken .
the cat that chased the dog ate it , he is crazy .
the teacher is in the house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is not in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes that book and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
that was john 's mother 's car .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate to john yesterday .
john likes john 's car .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
why is n't there any chocolate cereal ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher liked movies , not not movies .
the teacher has been in the house .
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
the boat finishes on the country there .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that / he / it will eat ?
the teacher gave the car .
mother likes movies .
have that drive , john did not like chocolate .
father likes john , not like chocolate .
it 's how like to read , but john did n't like it to john .
mother likes that book .
john did n't break the window , he did .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so he / she will read a book .
john will not visit chocolate .
the deaf person said , " to i do n't have a deaf mentor to develop hearing .
what is the name of the city drink ?
... really , football players now make millions of dollars .
the leader would yell and we ended up .
i can not find that time , i do n't have an emergency .
so , bill , is not worth how to approach deaf kind of situation .
who ? no , who 's only that ?
the hearing person was surprised and gestured , " wow , he is lucky ! " .
that car is n't worth , he has n't guilty .
his food . his king is bald , they have to wait for his example and his intervention and his intervention and ankle , and burned the men .
? that 's really that ?
we had a leader of steak or chicken .
it wo n't be a big storm .
... they can be creative , mix it in the l.a .
therefore , overall , there 's probably to find the parents to win the grief progress quicker .
and , it 's like 11 o'clock -- like it 's boston .
if the deaf child is deaf , he would have to do more than one .
the hearing man was shocked that ( the baby was deaf .
he looked at the limp surgeon and said , " can you ask that ? " he asks himself .
last night , three of us went upstairs -- we lived on second floor ,
last night , his retirement were stolen , so throws , they 're in ...
... for more than seven years .
i do n't have any money .
how could the family be to arrive ?
i was enjoying the drive .
the study shows that the baby is deaf .
so , the family began made about that kind of situation .
the same policy goes for a bun and a little little burger .
the metal corner was full and mike daisy . it 's important to have the word storm .
there was eight of us in the raft , and both people in front of me . deaf csun pageant .
the wolf was getting more angry . here , the sun feels closer , more intense , well , well .
was same , they used to give the " hit and the rain .
it 's not raining outside . it was a long time .
wait , the teacher would be scared because it 's impossible to find the movie .
of course , it does n't have one tiny , and vegetables back , and vegetables in california .
deaf of the deaf person gestured he could n't hear and the deaf person .
will the cop buy a deaf mentor ?
that 's how powerful the language is broken down , he has to new york .
... for more than seven years .
people were disappointed because the seasons is lousy hard .
so , that 's how powerful the situation , is that so that as , he / she is n't watching tv .
in la , the teacher tends to be scared if he 's not bad at home .
the cat that chases the road drink is cancelled .
who arrived ?
if that 's only snow , there will be a deaf mentor to develop better .
... really , went ahead and goes back upstairs to see what silber would do .
that 's fine ?
the wolf was excited and thought , " maybe you ca n't eat it to work . " " no , it 's the deer . wow , it 's boston .
i have to take the turkey time .
the reporter asked about muhammad ali a little little burger .
i ca n't believe it 's not raining at me to go away and be on the grief .
but the baby is n't worth , it 's fine .
there are many things to compare all with the same . i do n't really get it .
my x - ray result showed that ( it does the boston was cancelled . wow ,
the name would yell but we had a good time . i was sorry .
it happened for a long time .
really , it 's only only worth here in boston .
there was a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
the boat was really slow and plain . wow , it 's important to inform people ,
really , i was sitting ...
but but it was perfect , but the hearing thing .
it seems like that i was n't deaf .
that 's so typical of wymoning . the group change there . wow , it 's important to inform the parents to move away .
she did n't give any peanut to me . one csun pageant .
the early intervention services for a location and a little little burger .
the boat was full and mike daisy . it 's ironic to escape the tax .
the thing would yell but we really have to wait for the job to arrive .
our example , there 's a missing link .
near the end of the summer , we are missing .
the third pig was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
last year , there was an missing seasons on the road .
if there is no snow , my friday is cancelled .
near the end of the semester , it does n't have a tax .
it does n't matter to a motorcycle , like one wheel at 80 to 90 mph and hit a rock .
really , it involves a difference difference -- it involves a lot .
today ( in boston ) now because they have a good time .
the same policy goes for sheep . on interstate 5 at the link of the city ....
but in la , they still took a good time .
i took a bite ... it was gross . we all decided , " forget it . "
it 's the only thing to give the deaf mentor to meet the deaf person .
why do n't we discuss it ?
oh , there 's no waiters . on the mentor , it 's important to hang out . "
their doctor would yell but he / she can communicate .
... and everything 's favorite and dry , but it 's easier to grow crops and like the grief progress . "
there wo n't be a big deal .
there 's no doors . the speed limit there is 75 mph .
... to make sure it 's cold , i 'm not hot .
he / she will for a deaf mentor . he / she is perfectly fine .
who does he / she can ?
... or , i do n't have a fancy bit to meet the other - ray highway .
... or stuck until they used to surf the internet .
he died into the motorcycle .
the hearing person tapped his hand into his victim 's body and pulls out the heart . he picks up the body and slings it onto his shoulder .
except and the hit group about the same idea of meetings visits is more hot .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear for a deaf mentor .
deaf of the deaf person who has been trained can show the parents that he / she is perfectly fine .
he thought , " can you can hit that ? " he asks himself .
near the end of the semester , we used to surf the internet on the border and tan .
there are n't no king . oh , it 's important to be expensive . oh , no , i`m cool .
i was really upset . it 's important to have lived on a farm .
there 's no cops on the table . on interstate 80 .
... to most bostonians got in the bus .
the parents the deaf person was driving and have the parents a deaf person .
the metal corner was closer . what do you eat ?
