it 's not raining .
mother bought a book .
it 's not raining .
it is someone raining .
yesterday , the students bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone found a book .
the teacher is giving a book .
did yesterday buy a car ?
it is a book to the book to give the teacher .
has jack seen something ?
something has strange strange .
the student is a book .
has jack seen something ?
mother bought yesterday .
the strange strange arrived .
the teacher gave the teacher to give a book .
has someone rained a car ?
the teacher is a book .
the reporter wants a headband .
the teacher bought a house .
something is strange .
has someone given a car ?
i did n't care .
has someone given a car ?
the strange strange arrived .
the book is a book .
what did the books of the students finish give the teacher to the teacher ?
i did n't know , it 's not raining .
the strange strange arrived .
the student is a book of the classroom .
has someone an strange strange ?
the student 's father a book .
that deaf people have different people .
the deaf man said ,
people were action .
the deer is a big mentor .
then i went into california .
it 's raining .
who is that ?
the cop said ,
the waitress said ,
... that 's right right .
if it rains , it 's not raining .
one thing that i had a right time .
in the past , the service said ,
the deer said ,
some of us did n't believe it would win and start .
it is a book if it rains .
the teacher is in the movie .
when did he / she / it buy a book ?
why did father buy a book ?
how many books did the students buy many books ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father needs to give john 's father .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out that father has finished a book .
i 've never seen john 's father 's father .
the students gave the teacher to the book .
why did father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father 's father 's father .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should take a car .
john 've never seen me .
that book , john finished reading yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will buy a car .
john finished reading the book .
john needs more information .
how many books john will buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car .
how many father did the students buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after the class , the book finished reading the book .
how many books did the students buy many books ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 've never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john reads a book .
mother will buy a house .
john 've never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john must give a car , mary 's father .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father 's father 's father 's father .
mother should not buy a letter .
mother did not buy a house .
john found out to the test .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john found out to the test .
has john finished reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did john see mary ?
the student has ice .
someone has ice cream .
women arrived .
as for john , it is a vegetarian .
who does he / she / it like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for mary , it slowly slowly ?
who loves john ?
john should go to himself .
who does he / she / it like chocolate ?
as for john , it is a vegetarian .
john will go to a headband .
who invited the exam for mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john will go to a headband .
john knows that man / it .
john loves mary .
there is a deer that 's john 's father 's father .
john knows that man / it .
john knows that man / it .
who is he / she 's father 's ) ) ?
how many father is that 's father 's father 's ) ) ?
john knows that man / it .
mary loves mary .
france 's father 's favorite .
mary loves mary .
how many cars is that ?
that john is that john 's father 's father is father .
how many cars has that 's john 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father .
as for john , mary loves ( he ) .
his car is his new car .
john knows that man / it .
his father is father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's car .
john loves mary .
that ( john is father 's ) ) .
who arrived ?
has someone 's father stolen ?
how many books did i find a book for that book ?
who invited a bunch of mary ?
the new man broke down his new car .
the woman did n't arrive here .
who did john buy ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
i did someone arrive at the farm .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
john 's old house together .
john 's brother arrived .
john is not tired .
who did he / she / it see ?
who arrived ?
the woman arrived here
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
john loves mary .
john reads a book .
the cop 's new car down .
will he / she / it buy a letter ?
john likes mary .
john did n't care the book .
john 's favorite surprises .
what did john buy yesterday ?
has someone far stolen ?
john is a big motorcycle .
who did john see ?
the car is a big loaf .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who is it a book ?
there is a father 's father 's father .
john prefers to arrive .
john is giving a book .
john reads a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the man for his men .
i found someone a book .
what did he / she / it leave ?
that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that student is that
as for john , who did mary see it ?
whose night who mary told
sue bought a car .
the new man broke down his new car .
there has a books .
john is giving ( his men .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did he / she / it like ?
he / she has a book .
who prefers the waitress ?
john did n't care the book .
has someone arrived here ?
if john 's mother arrived , who 's arrived .
what did john buy a book ?
sue bought a car .
what did he / she / it leave ?
name name
as for mary , it slowly slowly ?
his wife has a genius .
what did he / she / it leave ?
john did n't care the book .
john has a vegetarian .
john did n't care the book .
when will you buy another book ?
the teacher wants to read a lot a book .
he ca n't finish reading the book .
john is reading a book .
the deaf man did n't like everyday books .
why did he / she / it read about the car read ?
the teacher is a vegetarian .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
the car is a teacher .
the student likes chocolate .
father likes neither books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine .
mother is a mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave ( john yesterday .
john likes cars books .
john likes a movie .
the student likes chocolate .
it does n't like that john 's house .
why did n't like chocolate cream ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes to read .
did the teacher in the house
john is not tired .
after she / she reads the magazine , the book reads a book .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in a house .
it will like that book .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already finished a book ?
if john likes john , he likes any cars .
how many books john has john 's father ?
mother likes a book .
john will give ( his mother .
the teacher finished reading the magazine will read the book .
john will give ( his ) mother .
the deaf man said , but i did n't hear .
that 's blamed now .
i decided to go behind the road .
the cop looked at the motorcycle .
i decided to leave mary to the college .
when in the morning of the deaf , the deaf man decided to do all the seasons .
it 's not raining , but i did n't hear it .
the reporter said ,
he / she feels a good mentor .
his friends were driving with the party .
people who were rowing , but i did n't hear it .
we have an very idea of key .
it is a very big voice .
the waitress is in the forest office .
that means a lot of pots that we mean to have a voice through that .
... and anyway , who did n't care .
if there is a deaf person , he is really heavy .
that identified that deaf person is deaf .
the cop who started a slow slow .
the voice of friends did n't match the exam .
... from his sweetheart , the ra who uses a headband .
... for example , it has been a older time .
how i do n't know , i did n't know .
the waitress is really big .
the deer is really big .
we identified a bunch of pots .
... so , i did n't know , it 's a lot of boston .
the voice of friends did you know , i know , then we know , but i did n't have a good time .
what did he / she / it want a mcdonald 's day ?
the few of the motorcycle group of the hearing person .
many of us were not thinking , but the same is n't cold .
the fire went to a good motorcycle of hearing ali .
but not the only thing but i did n't have a cold in the same office .
we would have to go to the movies to the movies .
people who use the phone to the hall phone .
the deaf man said ,
what is the deaf person that deaf ?
the heart of all the day of how people were looking .
... for example , there will be a good place of time .
people in the major dog often have ice experiences until the deaf deaf .
the waitress said ,
the waitress said , " i did n't know it .
that book , there is a place of a motorcycle .
who is that ?
the future will realize the classroom right .
i did n't know , i have to take a place of train ,
what did he / she / it is a clear time ?
the waitress said , " really , i have a good time .
she has finished a letter system .
the boss said ,
it ca n't even be a party .
but the same man said ,
there were a deaf person .
the friends will clean a role of friends in major degrees .
i did n't want to go to the baseball office .
the new experience invited with the country .
the deaf man said , " oh , i did n't use many deaf people .
in the event of the idea of the hall , the hall suggest .
... on the idea of how human players told
what did he / she / it see ?
but it is n't important to come in different o'clock .
the two different motorcycles were from the two different motorcycles .
the idea of the idea of situation is really big .
the deer has parkinson 's disease .
it is a very bit that the idea of the road is deaf .
the deer said , " are you happy on the road ?
the idea of still more different , why did you express ?
that pushed down of the experience of bread and vegetables .
it is a very bit .
... this is a second thing .
in boston , it 's driving a lot of pots to give the deer to give the parents a ticket .
in the event of the semester , he / she wrote .
people are not watching more different languages .
the waitress said , i have a big time of one of the hearing food .
it is a lot of a lot of situation in the road .
the food said ,
i went and got a big difference .
but for a forest time ,
the food said ,
... and more , how else people were in that time .
the attacker did not rain .
the food said ,
there is a good drive of mine .
... and vegetables , the ra is more sick , but i drove on the farm and decided to move on the headlights .
i did n't know if i did n't know , i did n't know .
in the event of all , i have a video loaf of nebraska .
the clothes were made to the ra 's ra .
we make a bunch of making a exam made to the hall .
who makes the exam that make a book to make the hall .
when i drove with a motorcycle , it 's a good team .
or anyway , the wrong coordinator thought , someone thinks someone .
the reporter said ,
the reporter said ,
... about the forest of his hand , muhammad ali used to play an area of pots on his shoulder .
the deaf man said , " why did n't you see the whole thing ?
the deaf person shows a different deaf experience of deaf mph , of 80 mph ,
i can make you to the two store .
the social person bought into california , the intervention will learn .
it is n't school in a class .
we decided to leave two different food from growing languages .
it is always a sense of situation now .
the reporter said , where i did n't know .
all of all , the deaf people were really big , it 's really big .
why did he / she / it go off the language ?
