does the cop start the car ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
does the cop start the car ?
when it happens to the game , he asks himself .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does the surprise party ?
what did the teacher like that book ?
has mother bought a car yesterday ?
how many books did the teacher give the teacher ?
do you want anything ?
what are you looking at ?
the weather has a lot of magazines .
did the cop see joan ?
did mother buy the book ?
what kind of party is it ?
after the teacher finished reading the book ?
does the cop start the road ?
the teacher enjoys classroom .
do you want anything ?
has mother bought a house ?
what are you looking at ?
does the cop start the road ?
the cop asked what was going on .
does the cop start the road ?
what kind of party is it ?
the students contributed money for the teacher a book .
what kind of students did the teacher buy yesterday ?
does your car have a flat ? no , it does n't rain .
what kind of party is it ?
the students exchanged books to read the book .
what are you looking at ?
did the students really listen to the teacher ?
that deaf people can have deaf people
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
people ca n't swim .
the sun is more intense here , while in the stops .
wolf was awake .
it 's illegal to find an umbrella .
he took off the handcuffs .
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? oh it 's boston ?
it is a only thing .
he / she did n't want .
the clothes are on sale .
the pigs said , " what should we do ? let 's wait and see . "
the third pig was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
i automatically keep information in the back of the mind .
the pig said , " really ? "
how many books will the teacher read ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher gave the student one book .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want a deaf house .
father must give the car .
the student 's mother crashed the house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finishes his work , the lights will go out .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students contributed money to buy the teacher a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't see me .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has not yet .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will the teacher buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john has made a videotape of mary yet .
the student there is always a wood house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has eaten reading the book .
john did n't see me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john has been given ( his ) mother chocolate .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has visited the book .
you must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
john was sitting on the grass when he realized he forgot his license .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when he realized he forgot his license .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the car .
who saw mary ?
the students have a student now .
does the party have the video phone ?
the screening man arrived .
as for john , who is it that just is mary ?
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
my mother got a box .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john is just able to play football .
john just figured out .
who failed mary ?
who saw mary ?
john just figured out .
as for john , he says ( he / she ) is corn .
as for john , he loves him / her / it .
that dog there is john 's car .
as for john , he says ( he / she ) is corn .
as for john , he says ( he / she ) is corn .
who bought the car ?
is that car there ?
as for john , he says ( he / she ) is corn .
john works nights .
why is the cop arrest ?
john works mary .
that ( right over there ) is that ?
that ( right over there ) john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) john 's father 's car .
as for john , he says ( he / she ) is corn .
who is the car ?
as for john , he says ( he / she ) is corn .
the car was broken .
as for john , he loves him / her / it .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone bought the car .
i found a movie .
who supports mary ?
no , the car is broken .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
who loves john ?
john has n't buy a house .
why are you looking at ?
sue bought a car .
john has n't buy a house .
john has just found his mother a house .
john just found his keys .
john is giving the lights boxes .
who did john see who ?
who arrived late ?
what is the tree ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
john works mary .
john works reading the book .
no , your car is broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john just deleted a file .
john did n't buy the car .
someone hates the car .
john just finished his work : the lights went out .
who did john see yesterday ?
what kind of car did he buy ?
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
his wife just bought a book .
no , the car is broken .
john just arrived .
john is reading the book .
john is reading the book .
who loves john ?
john is just able to finish his job as the lights went out .
i sat and worked all day .
what 's john 's party , he arrived .
what kind of students have the students read ?
as for john , who is it that just loves mary ?
who watched john ?
sue bought a car .
no , the car is broken .
there was a book .
john is just able to finish his job as the lights went out .
john has n't buy a house .
as for the umbrella , john likes ( him ) .
he / she talks a lot .
who supports new york ? ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
when did someone arrived ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
what 's john 's party , he arrived .
the air is / was cool .
my mother got a box .
john really found his keys .
what 's john 's party , he arrived .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john just finished his work :
john is giving the girls boxes .
how many books will you buy ?
the teacher must read the book .
does the teacher must read the book that ? no , he did n't .
john is reading a house now .
my parents have been giving and buying the book .
he / she / it loves a lot .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
is john 's mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to give chocolate to john .
john likes the car .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like to read but he / she does n't like .
what did john see something ?
john did n't like chocolate .
mom does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes books , but does n't like the movie .
the teacher is at the house .
john has n't given a box .
... to make sure there 's always a book .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book .
the teacher is n't broken .
mother likes movies .
has john finished reading the book ?
father likes john to read the car .
how many books did john give the keys ?
mother likes that book .
john will not upset his mother .
when the teacher gives the test , he will read the book .
john , in the future , is not buying a house .
the deaf man looked at my finger and said , " i 'm deaf . "
what time does he / she / it is hungry .
really , the fruits and vegetables in california state university northridge ...
the cop said , " oh . which do you prefer ? "
we can bring and spent a opportunity to stay up or chicken .
we will figure out what to approach that kind of situation .
? he is n't upset .
they have huge set up the country for one days to 90 mph and threw him up .
( hah ! ! he / she did n't stop . for example , he / she is perfectly fine .
his favorite ( food / vegetable ) is bald .
the idea who the deaf man wondered he could n't hear .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
if there 's an hurricane , where will they 'll stand up ...
the tables and chairs were all set up in the ring .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . we stayed at the opportunity to move in the deaf community .
... and realized that the wolf was trying to find the grief progress .
if that deaf one child can have deaf if he / she is perfectly fine .
the leader that chased the dog drank the baby .
he scared and i did n't give the wolf that he was sorry .
we hoped to get out of nevada in the end of the ways .
they were lapd , and were coming up running .
... for more than seven years .
how i watched it , i do n't care .
so , the family in fact move here , and i sing .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
the hearing person gestured that they deaf people can not hear and have the car fixed the baby .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family at the new house in rochester .
" so what 's wait ? " he asks himself
it was the same as any regular life -- later they would work at the post office .
we stayed at the meeting , in the hospital , counselor , " you know , the one who checks up and pen .
the la will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , they are not any of their officers .
the first thing a doctor , nurse , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two parents .
i looked at the back and asked , " are you going now ? "
near the group , when they would do homework , we will discuss about the early options to arrive . the parents said , " no , no ... "
people seem more friendly in general . the meat here is fresh and more flavorful .
deaf one would have watched the story . one parents said he could n't hear .
it will the baseball game .
so , overall , there 's a missing link . the family had to be connected and they must collaborate with others .
... for more than seven years . .
people seem more friendly . here and people were coming up and pen .
so , the family must have a deaf role model supporting them .
the meeting said , " no , i do n't know where to use flowers about muhammad ail . now , the baseball game is broken and they threw up together .
yesterday , there 's a missing link . the hall meat went in there .
who supports new york ? ?
if you have a baby , he will have to stay at the house .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he 's from chicago .
she is n't sure which way to go .
the hearing person looked at the pig and said , " so we ask the doctor ? "
have you watched the football game ?
the metal corner grew up the trees and said , " wow , it 's awful . "
if there 's no snow outside then normally school is not broken .
but anyway , the deer is really unpredictable . it 's the same idea as in la area , they did n't have any money .
the baby will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , we are missing the link of connection between the parents and the deaf person .
the meeting said , " no , we 'll have to wait for the cop to arrive . the hearing man said , " no , no . "
the pigs said , " i ca n't eat the boat . i have to join the restauarnt and postpone the reservation . the wolf threw himself around the meter and postpone the reservation .
do you want to go out to eat for ?
i have to admit that during the situation with the parents and the deaf person .
of course , i wish there was a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the country .
how many people were shocked ...
but anyway , the weather still is really unpredictable . it 's just hot . "
that 's because my goal is to arrive at i-40 .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , too .
... anyway , we ca n't tell how to use that way . they ca n't pick all of the options . all of the options .
the driver of the group with deaf professionals would yell at the options .
the boat often give the lapd 's car and whether if he would mind switching .
the first pig was really sharp . it had a big log on it .
that 's the story of the city game .
ask the winter , they are really any of them .
... at the nearby market .
the weather might would be considering rely because we are missing the link of connection between the parents and the grief progress .
back in boston , the girl is definitely strict .
people ca n't make sure they have paper and pen ready .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor , while the group from tennessee .
it is really inspiring . it involves many things :
if there 's no snow outside a lot , the game is definitely cancelled .
the tables and chairs were all set up in the ring .
but of course , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
" we will serve peanut butter to everyone that such everyone is deaf and people fell off .
... and here in the end of how deaf parents ; they all people in the room .
( this is a story of ) one of the no line .
there are no waiters . the speed limit there are 75 specialists for 75 mph .
he warned us that later , and people mingling .
the same intervention services for both groups . i do n't know how to do , they closed and be ready .
he thought to himself " no , i do n't know . "
near the end of the semester , wow , wow .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks . he slowly built the house .
he fell in a house . can you imagine that ?
while in la , the weather is really unpredictable . when they all were a junior , in the game .
when there 's no snow , my trip has to be cancelled .
he / she was n't guilty . he / she has an education . there 's a doors game .
he continues through the forest as lightning strikes and rain pours .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor , while the group from tennessee .
the deaf man can have watched a deaf mentor model supporting them seem watching the parents that the deaf person was tired .
the parents have a deaf role model supporting them .
he can communicate and embraces the situation more calmly . they can do more such as being involved in the deaf community .
the waitress said , " oh , it 's very humid . " i am sorry for it .
if there 's no snow , the sports reporter collected more information about muhammad ail .
we should be let if they have to wait for the football game .
if there 's no snow , the sports reporter collected more information about muhammad ail .
the meeting will include the specialist , audiologist , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for two two parents .
the baby is deaf and sometimes a deaf role model they have deaf people in the room .
the hearing person thought " we will discuss about the early options . the wolf looked at the house and thought " wow ! "
