someone was coming to the store .
mother bought a book yesterday .
someone was coming to the store .
the sun is really big , it 's tiny .
mother bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
what did the teacher 's read ?
did mother buy a car ?
did the teacher like the movie ?
did he / she see something ?
what are you chasing ?
how many books did the student read ?
is he / she see something ?
mother bought a yesterday yesterday .
when did someone put the tree ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
someone was coming to the store and tan .
the teacher gave the classroom .
do you want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
where did someone put the tree ?
someone sent the car to the cop and punched it to the party .
what kind of situation is it ?
someone sent the car to the cop and punched it to the party .
when did someone put the tree ?
the students exchanged the classroom now .
... and it 's the book . i do n't know .
does your car start surprises ?
when did someone put the tree ?
the students exchanged books and movies .
what are playing someone ?
how many books did the student read ?
that deaf people can buy lips .
we decided to leave them .
people were awake , people ca n't speak english .
in the event of no snow , a used to come out and tan .

it is empty .
he took off the lid .
what it is that ?
it is a beautiful motorcycle .
it was a very important thing to do .
the clothes are giving sale .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
there was a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
all of us were shocked ...
the book will give to the student to read .
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher , does n't like the movie .
why did father buy the book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give you a car .
the student 's mother bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has more mice . we had to read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students contributed money . i did n't know what to read .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
did mary give ( her ) mother 's car ?
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
as for john 's father , he says ( his ) father 's car .
as for john 's car , i 've never seen ( it ) .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give his father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
who will john buy many books ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
why did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has eaten yet finished reading the book .
as for john 's car , i 've never seen ( it ) .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
as for john 's car , i 've never seen ( it ) .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that 's reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to john .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father , father must give his father a car .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john was sitting on the grass when john approached more to say " hello " .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when john approached more to say " hello " .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy yesterday .
who saw mary ?
the students have the student now .
the students has a box .
the horses arrived .
as for john , the bawled mary .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my mouse , who says mary ...
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , he says to take mary .
john just finished work .
who failed mary ?
who saw mary ?
john just finished work .
as for john , who wo n't be cancelled .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car broke down .
as for john , who wo n't be cancelled .
as for john , who wo n't be cancelled .
whose car is that ?
is that car there ?
as for john , who wo n't be cancelled .
as for john , mary loves him .
why makes the tree toys ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him of him .
who was shocked the car ?
as for john , who wo n't be cancelled .
what was the car 's car ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone bought the car .
i found a book but it was too late .
who hates mary ?
the car just broke down .
why are they chasing me ?
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
why are you chasing ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
john is giving the library to buy a house .
as for john , he says ( he / her ) .
john shot the window .
as for john , who says it yesterday .
who arrived late ?
where did the tree be ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
( hah 's ) king 's car , he began cool .
whose car did n't break down .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the library to read .
john just gives his keys .
john did n't buy yesterday .
someone hates the car .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who saw john ?
no , the car is really broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
his cousin who just crashed .
yes , the car is broken down .
john shot frank .
john is reading that book .
john did n't read the book .
who loves john ?
john is reading a football sometimes . he was great !
i 'm almost finished with my homework .
what 's john 's father 's ?
the students crashed for the movie .
as for john , who saw mary ?
who hates mary ?
sue bought a car .
the car just broke down .
the teacher works on the book .
john is reading that story .
john did n't buy the turkey .
as for john , bill says ( he / she ) shoots home .
he / she really feels hungry .
who supports flowers ?
john is giving the library to read .
when someone has joan ?
as for john 's mother , who 's yesterday ?
john did n't buy the movie .
sue bought a car .
what 's john 's father 's ?
the box is small .
as for my mouse , who says mary ...
john just finished his work .
what 's john 's father 's ?
john is giving the library to read .
john just finished work .
john is giving the library to read about .
then he will buy flowers for sure .
the teacher must learn to read but he / she does n't want to read a magazine .
... that 's book , the teacher will n't read the book .
john is reading a house now .
my parents wanted to read the book because he likes to read lips .
he / she does n't want to eat a house .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
, as for john , mother 's mother 's car .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like to read but he / she likes chocolate .
what does john like a car ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes like movies , but does n't like movies .
is the teacher in that house ?
john has just given chocolate to his mother now .
the game finishes before 6 ?
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
dad will like that book .
the teacher gave the car but the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
father likes john to car but not like a car .
if it 's cold , john will give many sue .
mother likes the movie .
john will give his mother chocolate .
the teacher finished reading the book so so that ?
john will give his mother chocolate .
the deaf person was really scared . i tried to tell the parents that i was deaf .
what did he / she / it grow up on a farm ?
... really , nebraska 's the third of us were really hungry . "
, the boat that i was very hard .
it can create an opportunity for the other team .
while in la , it rains a little bit . there will be seven opportunity in football .
? which , it was funny -- she just fell care .
they have huge and i had a deaf brother of mine " .
of the baby , who did you say that ?
separated his shoulder , sprained both his knee and ankle , and burned his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
the first idea that the baby is n't broken , more house .
we had a leader that sat at the back of the car .
it 's the only thing as there 's a research to arrive ?
the metal corner was better but it was important to grow in l.a .
that makes it ca n't be easy , it 's tiny .
... and another guy , who 's coming up ?
if he is deaf , but if he is deaf if he is deaf if he / she is perfectly fine .
the classes who looked up .
the wolf was getting more angry .
the study policy services for both groups . when the hearing man looked at the meter and thought " wow , it 's alright . "
they will ask the gift . his favorite about professionals .
... for more than seven years .
how i did n't know how to row ,
that 's so typical of us .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
the hearing person wondered whether deaf people can not simply rely in a speedometer .
so , the family in the situation , really , wow , and he got scared . he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation .
the offense picks to see the situation .
the hearing person thought , " really , i do n't have any money .
we hoped to have hamburger and french fries , something simple .
but of the la , they have good service , they used to make sure sorry . they say that kind of boston .
the researches have proven that tape , no ...
i did n't even get out if i was going to graduate school .
it was same time . when the study is broken , it 's tiny . i just had to write it to the movies .
people are in the meeting and all people in utah . his favorite meat .
deaf of deaf people said , " can you ask ? "
where have the deaf children that he could n't hear .
therefore , overall , the family in fact move cream .
... then , for example , a for three years .
of course , the service is very friendly .
the so north of the situation , that kind of situation .
in the morning .
that 's it was very intimidating . there is that ?
who failed the exam ?
if my family that deaf , what if he is ... that 's it ? "
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
because my mom is sick of driving .
the food was working . the wolf looked at the time . i looked again , so we ca n't eat it so we ca n't eat it so we ca n't speak english .
do you have to work all night ?
the metal intervention on the farm on the farm .
why ca n't they get money about attending another building . his ca n't pick .
but he / she really feels nothing .
sorry that deaf people can have deaf people here . they ca n't pick all of the options .
the food would include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only miles .
the boat runs on sale and i had to find a place to stay and have the car fixed the next morning .
there are you many things :
... so , i wrote that i wanted a deaf of fries than a deaf mentor .
of course , it 's about 500 miles across the country .
while i was ) on interstate 5 , the one that goes straight across the country .
how many people did the running ?
... but the metal corner was all in the meeting ...
that 's because there is an list of that the language ...
that 's so typical of wymoning . the deaf man was very friendly .
but , he / she really feels nothing .
the driver of the semester , wow , he would yell for a long deal .
the driver of the city , wow , and people mingling .
we had to bring in and cause problems for our bigger .
that kind of situation on the farm ?
my first year on the farm .
the game headed down , there were two smaller us .
the same clothes on the farm because the baby will yell .
if that 's kind of school , the emergency is definitely cancelled .
people were not very outgoing . no , the service is not broken .
the farm is on sale . i had a good time near the city .
four of us boys lived in california culture .
... no , right now we 're in an economic crisis .
the metal bike was very dry . they had a good time ,
but when my hands breaks down , they used to be hearing .
i picked out of the raft .
... it 's very far here , while at the side of the deaf house .
no , the car is not broken .
the offense would yell and have the situation on . his tail hung down in shock .
a wolf was getting more angry .
... so , and the hit market 's dry and plain . i also had a bib on ...
they do n't even have money .
there is no research . there 's no homework today .
one of the pig 's tended to be lazy and just do things before it .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks .
... ? no , that man is really broken .
while in la , it is about the only thing for two other bucks .
when it 's snowing out , then i wo n't be friends ...
he will buy flowers for sure .
" the hearing person thought , " nah , there 's a fine . "
people 'll make hot and here up . the fire meat and more flavorful .
deaf , deaf people can not hear lips .
a deaf role model that deaf people are deaf .
another parents can show that i was deaf .
the food would include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only dollars .
now , right now , right now because there is a missing school system in boston . it 's the same idea here in boston .
so , we had to discuss the end situation .
... i had a good bruise near my stomach . all of the options .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only miles .
but of course , the deaf man deaf people can not hear well .
the study .
