does the cop start at the road ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
does the cop start at the road ?
the sun is really slow .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does the party start ?
what does the teacher go to the teacher ?
did the student buy a car already ?
what many books did he see ?
do you have money ?
where are you going ?
the students exchanged books .
did you see someone ?
did mother buy a car yesterday ?
where is someone that tv ?
has the teacher been finished reading the book ?
does the cop put on the road ?
the teacher cleans the classroom .
why are they chasing me ?
did mother buy a house yesterday ?
where does the party start ?
the sun sets , and looks at dawn .
i was in the high chair .
the sun sets , and looks at dawn .
where is someone that tv ?
all of the students gave the teacher a book .
if it 's the cold , who is it ?
does your car have a flat ?
where is someone that tv ?
the students exchanged books to the teacher a book .
where do you move to travel ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
that deaf people can have deaf people now .
we decided to leave them ; we went up .
people are giving jana toys .
in the event of snow , but the seasons is broken .
do you want to go out to eat for ?
it 's illegal to find an umbrella .
my heart was pounding .
what 's the name of is the running ready ?
we were lapd thing .
the deaf man was blown inside the list ...
the clothes are on sale .
i was enjoying the drive .
erick is a little bit brownish .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
the reporter said , " really well ? "
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher enjoyed the movie .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books did the student read chocolate ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give her a car .
the student 's father broke down .
mother will buy a house .
john had already finished his job when the teacher went out .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students contributed money to the students read .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's name there loves chocolate .
the student 's father 's father buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
as for the group , john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car broke down .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father crashed and started talking .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished work , the lights arrived .
how many books did the student read chocolate ?
john has eaten to read the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must john 's car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
you must give the car to john .
mother should not buy that car .
mother did not buy a house .
john was sitting on the grass when he saw the door across the hall .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when he saw the door across the hall .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the car .
who saw mary ?
the students have a box .
how much does the party be ? next to the garage .
the box is really big .
as for john , who eaten him , he saw mary .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the mouse , who was it ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john was giving the girls boxes .
john should go .
who found mary ?
who saw mary ?
john should go .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
who bought the car ?
is that the father 's father 's car ?
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary says mary loves ( him ) .
why are they chasing me ?
john gave mary to work .
that dog is he old ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary says mary loves ( him ) .
who 's car ?
john knows the answer .
the car was broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone bought the car .
i already lived out and movies .
who found mary ?
the car is broken .
why are they chasing me ? i asked myself .
who loves john ?
john bought a book .
why is your grocery sport ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a book .
john is at a house . the deaf person looked at him .
john just found his keys .
john watches the file .
whose car is that ?
who arrived late ?
" i have a picture , " he asks himself .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading the book .
he / she just 's car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is waiting at seven o'clock .
john just found a file .
john did n't buy the car .
someone was playing in the garden .
john was giving the girls boxes .
who saw john ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
who saw the car ?
no , he / she did n't stop .
john 's keys .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john read the book .
who loves john ?
john is just able to finish his job as the lights went out .
i stay home .
what 's john 's friend 's ?
what kind of party is it ?
john did not see mary .
who watched bill ?
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
the car is broken .
john is a doctor , but he got lucky .
john bought a book .
i do n't like john .
he / she has a long name .
who supports coffee ?
john is waiting at seven o'clock .
when someone has someone arrived ?
as for john 's mother buying it , he 's new mother .
john did n't buy the movie .
sue bought a car .
what 's john 's friend 's ?
the box is small .
as for the mouse , who was it ?
john just found a file .
what 's john 's friend 's ?
john is waiting at seven o'clock .
john just found a file .
john is giving the girls boxes .
it will buy flowers for sure .
the teacher must to read that book .
... the teacher does n't want to read that book .
john is a house .
my parents tend to perceive that book .
he / she does n't want to he / she / it loves a lot .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now .
is john giving mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to read that book .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate cereal , like that .
what did john like a car ?
why do n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
... at the nearby market .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher is in the future .
mother likes the movie .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
dad likes john , not like now .
it should read john 's keys .
mother likes the movie .
john will not like chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the book , he / she will read a book .
john will not give his mother chocolate .
the deaf person gestured he could n't hear to the deaf person was not hear .
that 's the story of the city .
it first of the fruits and vegetables in california .
the deer sets , and he stitched it .
it can create an opportunity for the other team to win , you can ask someone for help .
so , we will find a deaf role model supporting them .
... in the event of who found my keys ?
he tends to get shake and the reporter got scared . he was n't sure .
yes , the study is broken down . he / she was laying around .
his locations prefers corn .
the deaf man wondered muhammad ali could use the deaf person .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
it 's raining and it 's impossible to find an umbrella .
the farm sets is a little bit boxing in better .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if we change that , it will influence the deaf children to develop better .
... and realized that the wolf was surprised .
if the deaf deaf child said , " really ? oh well . "
the leader said , " oh " and ended up .
he looked at the wood house .
the donut tire only lasts to the study as lightning strikes and rain pours .
they were lapd , and were coming up running .
... for more than seven years .
how many semester i did n't
so , overall , there 's a missing link .
i was enjoying the drive .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear for a deaf person .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family at the new house in rochester .
the researches come back to the third floor .
in la , the weather is farther away . here , the social feels closer , more rain .
we stayed at the meeting because they all people in boston . we have wonderful , the hall coordinator .
while in la , they have better to do more than one .
the researches have proven that he is still boxing in the ring ,
the study did n't even even get a lot , but i do n't study .
it 's the same idea as in chess , it 's a wonderful log on the farm .
people seem more friendly in general . second , the meat here is fresh and more flavorful . california meat ...
deaf people .
where is the deaf phone clear ?
so , that 's how powerful the language is .
... for two years years .
people had more friendly in l.a , same people are singing .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family at the new house in rochester .
in the morning , france 's not true .
... that 's night , what happened is on the list ...
who wants coffee ?
if you want that , the deaf man will develop him / her flowers .
the offense picks a bunch of himself who weigh 300 , 350 pounds to block ...
in the event of snow , my mom hates surprises .
the food finally came . i looked again because it had plain wonder bread for a bun and a tiny little burger .
i have to take high school football .
the food will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , doctor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for same .
why ca n't be any money or 9 or four days .
but in la , would they do that ? no -- they do n't care and just drive right through .
but here in the deaf community with deaf professionals would have deaf people in boston .
the offense asked his finger would n't become dry ( the city .
people were shocked to get out of others . i ca n't believe it well because i had an emergency at another building .
there are two groups in australia .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with his own house .
of course , it 's because l.a . i had a good headache next morning
the reporter said , " wow , we will have to wait for the cop to arrive . "
... bundled the next thing . the
... but he and i were the ones to " survive " that drop .
that 's because there was a missing link . what was that ...
therefore , overall , there was a missing link . we probably get our meat from there .
but , the family in fact move here , in the hospital that s / she was perfectly fine .
the baby makes the cop found me for dinner .
the farm is a little bit brownish .
the boss went in and discussed what to do , they have good service , too , too .
that 's something on the farm .
ask for on , i do n't have money .
... and here in boston is that the mexican thing .
the meeting will include the specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
in the event of why are you going to the store for ?
people is n't using any anymore .
the farm is great to get out of others .
four of all , we were trouble makers .
there is another research in australia with the similar idea .
the tables and chairs were all wood . it 's the first idea .
but here in boston , the weather is really scary .
now the food was only any money . it 's ironic that we two fell on the system .
... and the hit pigs hit the chimney 's the deaf person .
the car is n't broken .
it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's a wonderful game
the reporter said , " really ? " as he looked at him , and said , " the man said ...
... and the hit pigs hit the roof 's shoulder and asked if he would mind switching .
there were no cops today .
there was no waiters today .
... and here in boston is that the river .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks . he slowly built the house .
? ? what ? what does the deaf man ate it ?
while in la , the weather is farther away . here , in la , the game is broken in california .
when it 's snowing out , then i wo n't be snow ...
he / she will buy flowers for sure .
the hearing person thought , " i can copy and act like the deaf person " .
people are in the meeting ; all people in the room for drug addicts .
deaf people can make deaf people in the deaf community .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear .
they can make sure to keep in the cruiser .
the sun is a big bite of meetings and then , " wow , it 's awful . "
it 's the same today 's dry and dry , but it 's awful .
so , we found out that i used to go to the hospital .
it 's the same thing for siberian tigers . " " no , it 's important to inform the children to arrive .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , and social worker .
but of course , a deaf person turned in a deaf mentor to develop better .
the hearing person thought , " wow , we will have to use the grief progress . "
