someone got a pizza dinner .
did mother buy a book ?
someone got a pizza dinner .
someone got a party .
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does someone love ?
the teacher came over and started to read the book .
has mother bought a car ?
how many books did the teacher give the teacher ?
did the cop arrest me ?
where are the tree on ?
the student is giving the movies .
did he / she / it shot frank ?
did mother buy a car ?
where did someone move to ?
has the teacher been finished reading the book ?
someone got a pizza dinner .
the teacher is not in a house .
why are they chasing me ?
did mother buy a house ?
what was someone upset ?
someone gives a pizza to the party .
does your car start water ?
someone gives a pizza to the party .
where did someone move to ?
the students contributed money to the teacher to read .
if it 's near the end of the students found my teacher ?
does your car start full ?
where did someone move to ?
the students contributed books to the teacher to read .
why did you put me ?
the students contributed money to the teacher a book .
that deaf people have some things to deaf people .
we sat down and many people fell off .
people ca n't speak english .
the sun is really slow . it 's important to hang out .
do you want anything ?
it should be dark , too .
it started to be lazy and just do things ' well enough ' .
what is they chasing me ?
it is a very thing thing .
he / she was planning to give it an .
the clothes are on sale .
i was enjoying a drive .
i had a big bruise near my eye . why ...
i automatically keep information in the back of my car .
some of us were shocked .
will the teacher read a book later ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher finished reading the book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has the students finished reading so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car to john .
the student 's father 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john had already taken off for reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student 's reading the book .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john must give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father must buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
will john give ( his ) mother a car ?
john has visited mother .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give ( his ) father a car , he will give it to the hospital .
john has visited the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student there used to buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has the students finished reading so far ?
john has finished reading the book .
john has visited mother .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john has visited mother .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to read it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
has john finished reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
has john finished reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who saw john ?
the students have a car .
does someone have a big ?
the screening man arrived .
as for john , he says mary loves mary .
who does like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who found my keys ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does like chocolate ?
as for john , he says ( it ) is mary .
john should go .
who found mary ?
who saw john ?
john should go .
john will give ( his ) mother a .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john will give ( his ) mother a .
john will give ( his ) mother a .
who bought the car ?
is that car there ?
john will give ( his ) mother a .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
why are they chasing me ?
john got mary and drove her to work .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that car was john 's car .
john will give ( his ) mother a .
the girls was giving john boxes .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone hates the car .
i found a movie .
who found mary ?
where did the car 's ( the store ) ?
why are they chasing me ? i asked myself .
who loves john ?
john has just bought a house .
why are your chasing me ?
sue is bought a car .
john has just bought a house .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john found his keys .
john watches tv .
whose car is that ?
who arrived late ?
i have a picture , it 's cute .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
john loves mary .
john is reading the book .
why did he / she / it grow up a farm ?
whose car is that ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john found his keys .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone hates a party .
john was giving the girls boxes .
who did john see yesterday ?
no , the car is really broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
who found my keys ?
no , the car is broken .
john arrived .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john was giving the girls boxes .
i moved to the rent .
what did the drive off ?
how many books has the students finished over ?
as for john , who says it is mary ?
who found my keys ?
sue bought a car .
where did the car 's ( the store ) ?
there was a book .
john is giving the girls boxes to his work .
john has just bought a house .
as for the umbrella , john devoured it .
that book , he / she talks a lot .
who knows french ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
when did someone put off ?
as for john 's mother , who drove it ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
what did the drive off ?
the deer was frozen in shock .
who found my keys ?
john has deleted a file .
what did the drive off ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
john decided to move away .
john is giving the girls boxes .
then he will buy flowers for sure .
the teacher likes to read but he / she does n't want to read a book .
the teacher does n't like to read but the book .
john is reading a house .
my parents wanted to the teacher because the teacher is in charge .
he does n't like to read a house .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
does john give mother a house ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes the student 's car .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like to read but does n't like reading .
he , john does n't like a car .
john has n't like chocolate cereal .
mom does n't like surprises .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
how many cars did the teacher buy ( pay for ) ?
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
... for more , the book .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the car is a car .
mother likes movies .
has john finished reading the book ?
father likes john to read a book .
how many books has john read john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read the book .
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
deaf people said that i could have watched it .
that is that story to the store .
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence ,
of course , it could n't be a big deal .
they can throw to the hospital , he can communicate .
so , let we have a deaf role model supporting them .
... and i hurried for a motorcycle .
they probably wondering , and the two cars were ready .
why ( ( there ) is is that my states , deaf people will drive .
fell out his shoulder , sprained both his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
deaf people can show that i was deaf .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
it had a big log on the doors .
in the morning , it had a big log on the farm .
therefore , overall , i wish to have a deaf mentor to develop better .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
if that deaf is that deaf , the deaf person said , " deaf , deaf if he is crazy .
the leader would yell but we deaf people can not hear him in a house .
the wolf was surprised . he has been their wood quiz .
it was the same time about my finger and could drive across the country . unfortunately , it was the casino on the three pigs .
they grabbed me and led me up .
... for more than seven years .
how i was n't allergic to peanuts ,
so , the family in fact move in here .
i was enjoying the drive .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so anyway , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family .
the first thing they would have to wait for a motorcycle .
in the la , of course it would be a hard person .
there were no waiters .
the first thing that i had a deaf mentor model mine .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
it does n't even rain a little bit , but it is n't cancelled .
it was close time . when we were a junior , it 's important to be connected and they must collaborate for sure .
first of his motorcycles were stolen , two people show crashed .
deaf people went .
yes , that 's deaf .
so , the family in fact move here , and i needed the opportunity to move in and live with my family .
... for more than seven years .
people were very outgoing outgoing , too , too .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family .
in the morning , it 's not very intimidating . it had n't a big deal . oh , it 's important to hang out .
that first night , there was a missing link .
who failed the exam ?
if you want to fix that , he will communicate .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
she was n't sure which way to go .
the food finally came . i looked again -- it had plain wonder bread for a bun and a tiny little burger .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock .
i was drinking underage , too .
they would say his would do more else .
but anyway , there is a fine link .
there are many things that deaf child can deaf " deaf " .
the food will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , and social worker .
people were shocked to make sure so i do n't know .
why do you want it to california ?
... anyway , i have to admit that during this time .
i had a big bruise near my eye . why ...
i had a big bruise near my eye . why ...
how could they guess that ?
but in the la area , they did n't see that way .
and , it 's like 11 o'clock at night -- it was nothing .
it was probably first wymoning so so i went to the hospital .
but anyway , he would have to communicate for the deaf mentor to mine .
the doctors would yell but we deaf people can not hear him in the back .
the leader would yell but we deaf people can not hear him in the back .
it was probably first time .
that was that story and the two thing .
i had a big bruise near my eye .
i had a big bruise near the eye .
most of us got in the spa .
i had a big bruise near my eye . why ...
people are n't using records anymore .
the food is important to have hamburger and i had a deaf bruise near the eye .
it is really inspiring . it involves many things :
... it 's important to hang a lot of magazines .
... like one side of me felt like nothing .
but , they still took lapd 's word against rodney king 's .
i have to admit that it was my first time .
... and here in boston is that the two thing .
wow , it 's not raining at all .
it had to be upset and i had a spare bruise near my eye . why ...
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence ,
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
there were no cops .
i had a big bruise near my eye . why ...
... was stuck under the boat and could not breathe for a while .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks . he slowly coming up .
that was who who was that deaf , who was that same ?
... from a motorcycle accident .
when you finds out how i do n't care all day .
he , ... for more than seven years .
i held my paddle out to her .
... like one side of me ...
deaf people can make a deaf role model , football or deaf people .
a deaf role model he could have deaf people in the deaf community .
he started to get sure that kind of situation .
the food will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker .
while they had dinner , the sports reporter collected more information about muhammad ail .
we stayed at the steak .
... i had a big bruise near my eye .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker .
the deaf person said , " sure , deaf ... "
there were pineapple cream cheese .
