someone will figure out what to do .
did mother buy a book ?
someone will figure out what to do .
someone will figure out what to do .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does phil ?
... many the students did the teacher give the teacher a book .
did mother buy a car ?
did the teacher on the movie ?
have someone seen joan ?
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
the students exchanged books .
have you seen joan ?
did mother buy a car yesterday ?
where did the tree be ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
the game was really dry , it was a good city .
the teacher cleans the classroom .
wow , i would have some things to do .
did mother buy a house ?
where did the tree be ?
i was in my high chair .
i was in my high chair .
i was in my high chair .
where did the tree be ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
because it rains , i will read the book .
does your car have a flat ?
where did the tree be ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
what are the tree ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
that deaf people can be that deaf people .
... to be patient , because it was a funny , or just my imagination about things . i did n't know -- forget it , " he said
people are giving jana toys .
the same system in boston is that ?
go ahead and build your homes .
it 's the only thing .
my heart was pounding .
the boat was really slow .
this night , there was a good story .
we had rope with us ...
the clothes are on sale .
i felt it and put pressure on my hand .
erick was supposed to compare the club .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
a doctor was really scared . muhammad ali put him back in his seat , and said , " really ? "
how many books will the teacher read ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher bought a book .
why should father buy a book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
that dog must give john 's car .
the student 's father buy a house .
mother will buy a house .
john had already taken off for work when he realized he left his computer .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students contributed money to the teacher a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's mother must give me a car .
the student 's father will buy him a house , i 'm sure .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't see me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give out a mcdonald 's mary .
the student 's father buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john has two mice , john rains .
how many books did the student read ?
john john finished reading the book .
john did n't see me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
you have to give the car to john .
mother should not buy that car .
mother not buy a house .
when john finds out there is a mormon , he was going to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there is a mormon , he was going to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the car .
who did mary see mary ?
the students have a student yet .
the students have a box .
the waitress arrived .
as for john , he says ( he / she ) john saw mary .
who likes chocolate cereal ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a yesterday yesterday and gave it to a mother .
what did john buy yesterday ?
my mother got a car .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate cereal ?
as for john , he says ( he / she ) shoots mary .
john just went off .
who was mary ?
who did mary see mary ?
john just went off .
is john going to his mother ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
is john going to his mother ?
is john going to his mother ?
whose car is that ?
is that car there ?
is john going to his mother ?
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
the clothes are on sale .
john loves ( him / her ) .
that dog is n't mine .
that dog 's father 's car .
that dog 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
who 's car ?
is john going to his mother ?
the hearing man was shocked the cop .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone bought a car .
i guess there 's the book .
who saw mary ?
the car has a full tank .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
who loves john ?
john just bought a new house .
why does they move to travel ?
sue bought a car .
john just bought a new house .
john 's father there is giving a house .
john just arrived .
john shot the window .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
" i arrived frank .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
john loves ( him / her ) .
john is reading the book .
john just 's car broke down .
whose car 's father bought a car .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the book to read a book .
john just figured out a solution .
john did n't buy the car .
someone hates the car .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who saw me ?
mother gave her a car .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
john just got back from reading .
no , he / she did a lot .
john shot him arrived .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is reading the window .
i stay home .
what did john hit ?
what kind of movie is the test ?
john did n't see mary .
who watched my keys ?
sue bought a car .
the car has a full tank .
there 's no book .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john just bought a new house .
what did john drive ?
that book , he / she talks a lot .
who supports flowers ?
john is giving the book to read a book .
when someone start off ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
what did john hit ?
the box was shining .
my mother got a car .
john just finished work .
what did john hit ?
john is giving the book to read a book .
john just finished work .
john is giving the grass .
it will buy flowers for it .
the teacher must choose to read but he / she is perfectly fine .
... . that 's how that the students found the boys that book .
john is reading a book there .
my parents used a book to read and read a book .
does he / she / it loves a lot ?
the teacher is in the house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
is john giving mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes ( the ) ) .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate to read but he / she does n't like to read .
what did john see me ?
john did n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes chocolate but does n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john has just given ( his ) mother a car .
... . wow , it 's illegal to read the book .
the students do n't like .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book .
the teacher is in the cop there .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
father likes john and gave it to the car .
it 's the only thing to give to john .
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john , in the future , is not buying his mother chocolate .
deaf people that i watched that i could n't deaf .
that 's the story here .
people make sure to keep in touch on nebraska . "
the third pig was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
then they would find out if i had an emergency and it would go to the hospital .
so , when we were lapd going to the joint ,
? from the motorcycle , who was that ? !
they have huge set on the farm , and they mingling and locked the windows .
communication , he / she really feels nothing .
his locations fell off the motorcycle , separated his shoulder , sprained both his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
the idea who was n't any toys because they should show the grief progress . "
we stayed up very late .
it 's the only thing : i go to the bathroom in the public .
the first policy goes for sheep . on interstate 5 at one of the stops ....
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if we change that , it will influence the deaf children to develop better .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
if that is that the deaf person deaf , he will have deaf professionals .
the deer shows that the deaf pigs was deaf .
he gave me that i fell to the house .
the study thought the hearing person thought " wow , he got excused ! " .
of course , i was very upset .
... for more than seven years .
how many kids i did n't want to see about children .
so , so you know , there 's always a decision ...
the deer came up . it looked like a log .
there were no cops the study . what makes that the child is deaf .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live , and finally moved to new york ; it was around an hour north of nyc .
the first thing muhammad ali 's brother because he was exhausted .
in la , the weather is farther away .
there were eight of us in front of me would have to be expensive about fifteen hours at the morning .
there are many groups that are wrong with the system .
the first thing services for both groups had the same progress .
i just is not sure it 's not raining .
it was the same thing to a choices , everyone would say to the teacher would be like a book .
people seem more friendly . here meat , while they ate the language in general ...
deaf man who was shocked that the deaf child was deaf .
where is the tree that ?
so , for example , there 's a good thing . he 's lucky .
... for example , for example , for example , for example , for example .
people were ready more friendly in people ; same people ca n't speak english .
so , the family in fact move here , and she moved there .
really , that 's not sarah jessica parker , that was not expensive .
... that 's kind of how the stitching felt .
who supports new york ? ?
... for more than seven years .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
she was disappointed because it was important to find sure what happened is .
when the metal corner sliced my hand , really , wow !
we have to admit that we had a good time .
there were tents set up all over .
if there 's no snow outside then normally school is n't allergic to peanuts .
but it was important that i was deaf .
there are many things that are wrong with the deaf mentor .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people mingling . it had a tray of five of the hospital .
the tables and chairs were all of us ...
there are two groups : for example , the game is definitely broken .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in the situation . deaf csun pageant .
the first of his sore person at csun .
we had a big bruise near the eye .
... many pigs were coming ...
but in la , would they do that ? no -- they do n't care and just drive right through .
that 's because i was twelve and it was six and half years old ...
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our opportunity to move away soon .
so , the study is n't mine at him .
the study would yell but we both had a deaf mentor .
the farm is a little bit brownish brownish because of too much sun .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
that first night , there 's a funny .
the clothes are on sale because they used to be expensive .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
to most the winter , audiologist , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
there were eight of us in the exam ,
people are n't more using the general .
the study is that ? i had a good time for mine .
it is really inspiring . it involves night , the game is definitely cancelled .
there is a research in australia , the city is cool .
first of us got in the bus , wow , and people mingling .
but in la , would they do that for ?
i have to admit that sf copies boston a little , but i had a good time for a bun .
... when it 's rain ... about the language , and the deaf thing .
no , the car is not broken .
the first thing a big person 's tended to stop dry and we had a good time .
some of us went in the bus , he got up and pen .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off . i also knew that i had a bib in the fireplace .
there were no cops .
there was no cops today .
... and here in boston is that the first thing .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks .
... ? that was that ?
for example : here , when there is a story of the doors , and both cars in the back . they picked them together and eat them .
when it 's snowing out , then we will be able to figure it out .
for example shopping , they did n't care and get a right - mine .
i swerved hard , right before i was about to hit the deer .
... to make sure they will approach everything and mike fell off the trees . they picked them into a dorm .
a deaf role model , friendly , and can buying the parents to sign for sure .
a deaf role model the deaf role model that deaf people not .
they finally would n't give out peanut butter , mike can communicate .
the tables , wow , and that`s means sport . wow , it was a lot of fun and we had a deaf sister .
night , there is a fine , while in la it 's dry , but it 's 100 to 110 degrees .
so , we agreed , and were coming up almost next to the other .
... i had a big bruise near the eye , and it 's 100 to 110 degrees .
... because the food is a big bit brownish because at too much sun , and there is not enough rain to feed the parents .
... to make sure the deaf child a deaf role model , while they had the same checklist .
the hearing person thought , " wow , it 's very funny . "
