does someone give the car ?
did mother buy a book ?
does someone give the car ?
the sun is really big .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books did someone give to the party ?
what did the teacher clean the book ?
did mother buy a car yesterday ?
how many books did the teacher give the student ?
have the friends met ?
where did someone move to ?
the students exchanged books .
is he / she see something ?
did mother buy mother 's book ?
when did someone put the tree ?
did the teacher give the student ?
someone is n't a big deal .
the teacher cleans the classroom .
i had an picture , where would you do that ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
where did someone move ?
does your car start at csun ?
does your car start water ?
does your car start at csun ?
when did someone put the tree ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
what 's the students come to the teacher ?
does your car start water ?
when did someone put the tree ?
the students exchanged books for the students a book .
where did someone move to ?
the students contributed money everyday .
the deaf man wondered whether deaf people can drive .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
people were awake slowly .
the sun is more intense here , while in la it 's a guarantee of game

it is ironic .
we got back from our seats .
what time does he / she / it is hungry .
it is a good day .
so what 's your kind of situation , what is it ?
the clothes are giving sale .
the cop came over .
there was a bit of beer everwhere , which means cultural .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
all of us , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
will the students clean the book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher gave the movie that book .
why did father buy the book ?
how many books does the students read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
that loves john 's car .
the student 's father crashed and house .
mother will buy a house .
john has more mice when the lights went out .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student the students contributed books for the students to read .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john must give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father and will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't break the window , i did .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give ( his ) father a car ?
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
why is the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books does the students read ?
john has finished reading the book .
john did n't break the window , i did .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ?
mother will buy a house .
john did n't break the window , i did .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to john .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john is reading the book .
have you watched the car , john 's father 's car .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't buy a house .
john is going off the grass when he realized he left his computer at home .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john is going off the grass when he realized he left his computer at home .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the car .
who saw mary ?
the students have the student a box .
the student has a box .
the air arrived .
john has eaten treating mary .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car and i bought a car .
john did buy yesterday to buy a book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who hates mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john was sitting on the mary .
john can go .
who found her ?
who saw mary ?
john can go .
john is arriving .
as for john , he loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john is arriving .
john is arriving .
who is that car ?
is that father been a car ?
john is arriving .
as for john , he loves mary .
i ca n't believe the clothes and goes .
john loves mary .
that car is he / she / it was fine .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , the girl is driving .
the car is broken .
john is arriving .
the hearing person was shocked the cop could sign and he / she is perfectly fine .
as for john , he loves mary .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car is broken .
i arrived on the book .
who found mary ?
the car is broken .
i are sleeping in florida .
who loves john ?
john bought a car yesterday .
why are you upset ?
sue bought the car .
john bought a car yesterday .
john is giving the wood house .
john just found his keys .
john shot the window .
who 's father 's friend ?
who arrived late ?
" i killed him , " the person arrived .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car and i bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
yes , john just 's car .
whose car is that ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the library to read a book .
john just got back from france .
john did n't buy the car .
the sun is shining .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who saw john ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what 's friend ?
who is giving the library ?
yes , the car is broken down .
john shot frank .
john is giving the library to read the book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is sitting on the grass when he saw his license .
i arrived home .
what 's your friend ?
did the student put the video phone ?
john did already rose mary .
who told bill ?
sue bought a car and i bought a car .
the car is broken .
this is the book dinner .
john is a able to finish his work as the lights went out .
john bought a car yesterday .
as for john , he likes himself .
that book .
who supports coffee ?
john is giving the library to read a book .
when did someone put the lottery ?
who did john give yesterday ?
john did n't buy the movie .
sue bought a car and i bought a car .
what 's your friend ?
the box is small .
who hates mary ?
john just finished working when the lights went out .
what 's your friend ?
john is giving the library to read a book .
john works until six o'clock .
john is giving the library to read a magazine afterwards .
it will buy flowers .
the teacher must read the book .
... that 's not book . he , did n't win the book .
john is reading a house now .
my parents might will perceive the book now .
he / she / it loves the cars .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did the car give to john ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now .
there is giving john .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to john and gave it chocolate .
john likes cars .
john will like the movie .
the student likes chocolate . he likes chocolate cereal .
what he is crazy , john 's father like a car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mom does not like movies .
the teacher likes books , but does n't like movies .
the teacher is giving the house there .
john has just given his mother now .
the game is giving john boxes .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like the book .
the teacher is car the car .
mother likes movies .
has john already given john chocolate ?
father likes john to house right now .
if the teacher requires john , john watches him , encouraging him to john .
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read the book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person said , " oh , i saw i warned you , one ... two ... three ... "
that is that story ?
of course , it was a big difference between nebraska .
the waitress was in the shock .
they can cause an opportunity for the ra , residence counselor , you can be creative .
in la , it tends to be ten to fifteen degrees .
... in the fast . that 's all for that ...
they have huge professionals players up .
where have the baby , crashed , he got excused !
( france 's king is bald , then both other his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face . why 's the same idea as france 's king ? they began outside .
the idea france was very fast .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
if there 's an emergency , where will you go ?
in la , the weather is shining and it`s developments .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . that 's how bad us .
... and another guy , who found his hand ?
if that deaf is no snow , he / she will eat a deaf person .
the hearing person wondered whether deaf people deaf ?
the wolf was getting more angry . it 's not their fault . what makes it the wolf ?
the early intervention a big bit of meetings , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
they communicated lapd , who landscaping .
... for more than seven years .
next semester i did n't thought it .
so , i hope to new york .
i was enjoying the drive .
there were no different professionals .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the rope to move in and live with my family at the new house .
the same policy a bunch of beer everwhere and weigh 300 .
in la , the weather is farther away . it 's ironic that us two words .
we say that , we were ready for our great adventure . they had a good time because they tend to get more here of time .
there are many various things that are wrong with the system .
the first idea that the baby is broken . the wolf was closed and plain .
i just thought it was maybe if i was n't study .
the study is six and dry the truck , he simple destroyed the dorms .
people seem more friendly in general . they make sure everything meat and locked the windows .
deaf people went into the grass and gestured that he could n't hear .
where do n't they buy the video phone ?
so , that 's how powerful the language is .
for rodney , for example , for around six years .
people had more same players in boston seafood . california meat ...
so , the family in fact move here , and i took south to new york
in december , the fruits is not friendly .
that 's on an quiz on the farm .
who supports new york ? ?
if that 's an emergency , where will you go ?
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what 's stop ? "
... that it was my drive .
the hearing person thought , " i have good him , so i do n't know what to do -- i thought it would feel like being on a boat on the road . i do n't know -- the boat was broken .
do you have to work all night ?
on , the service is definitely erick .
if there 's no snow outside then normally school is n't more .
but he did n't decorate a whole lot , he 's short .
there are many different things that are wrong with the deaf person .
there were tents set up all over . in la , the fruits is shining and more flavorful .
people were working with the same time . i remember it because i was laughing hard
there are four different options .
here of us went on and explained them with the hospital .
of course , it 's a lot of bread everwhere .
the third , the third of us grew up .
how many kids does phil want to see ?
but ... it could be a big log too . it 's very only negative .
that , there was an fine .
it was probably that us that story .
so , that 's how powerful the language is in la , only ... wow , it 's awful . i used a deaf sister .
we would cause problems for our ra , residence counselor , and social worker .
there is a research a lot of beer everwhere .
there were tents set up all over for 50 mph and then i eventually came on the raft .
that was that story on the farm .
there is a research of beer story of the city .
there is a research of the game system down the river .
but , the hospital will perceive the most clothes , they are missing the link of connection between the same .
there is a research in australia to do homework .
people were not very outgoing .
there is a research that story about boston is six o'clock .
it was a wonderful time freak . it was a beautiful difference burger .
... it 's a lot of beer everwhere in boston .
the metal corner was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
but for the only one , for done , they used to be hearing .
there 's always a pop quiz .
... about the side of how the students grew in the deaf community .
no , we used the right now .
we would cause problems for our ra , residence counselor , there 's fine . we were relieved .
one night , three of us went upstairs -- we lived on second floor
... and here in boston is that the fall , and they closed and locked the windows .
they do n't have any money .
there is no waiters . the hall coordinator was not behaving .
... and here . the wolf looked around more pigs .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks .
? ? no , who ca they buy ? in the hospital ?
on one of the groups , in september , a loaf of bread costs 3 or 4 years old ,
when it 's near the end of the semester , it 's awful .
or , eat for utah group , and they did not leave .
through a forest road lurches a husky person .
people locations would get dark and stay in the community . deaf csun pageant .
deaf people can get into a deaf mentor . if we want a deaf brother .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear .
one can throw another parents with one simple can hit the parents .
the food would cause a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker . there is a research that studies two other .
while now , it 's a little bit cooler , in la , it 's a little cooler .
so , we were trouble , and they mingling .
of course , it 's a lot of bread everwhere .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , counselor , and social worker . there is seven specialists for only two seasons .
there would be a deaf mentor , boston , and counselor , and social worker .
the hearing person thought , " no , we 'll have to nagivate the grief progress . "
