has someone seen joan ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
how many cars does phil have ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does someone have ?
the teacher came up and gave me a book .
has mother bought a car yesterday ?
how many cars does phil have book ?
why did you move to ?
why did someone move to ?
the students exchanged books .
are you seen joan ?
did mother buy a car yesterday ?
where did someone move ?
did john give the reading required ?
does someone look at the mcdonald 's ?
the teacher gives the boy a book .
why are they chasing me ?
did the bride and groom buying a car ?
why did someone move ?
does someone have a big dog ?
does someone look at a mcdonald 's ?
does someone have a big dog ?
where did someone move ?
the students gives the students a book .
if it does n't rain to read a book ?
does your car have a flat ?
where did someone move ?
the students gives the boys a book .
what are you seen joan ?
the students contributed money to read a book .
that deaf , that deaf people can have deaf .
... the cop came up and started talking right in my face .
people ca n't speak english .
the sun is really unpredictable . it 's important to have diversity in a dorm .
do you want anything ?
it 's the only thing .
i was in a hurry .
what are they chasing the video phone ?
what is the only one thing ?
... it was a lot of fun .
the clothes are on sale .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
erick was n't important .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
the reporter said , " really , we said ... "
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is at the movies .
mother bought a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books does the students read ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's mother 's father 's car .
mother will buy a house .
john is going to the library to read a magazine .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student does n't like to read a book to read .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must give a car to her .
the student 's father 's father 's car .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car broke down .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
john , there 's always a pop quiz .
how many cars will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ? when he did .
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father bought a car .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books does the students read ?
john has finished reading the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ? when he did .
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ? when he did .
john 's car must give a car to mary .
john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
you have bought a car to john .
mother should n't have bought a car .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
john tends to hit the sack for 10 o'clock .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john tends to hit the sack for 10 o'clock .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john did n't buy a house .
who saw mary ?
the students have a movie .
does someone have a movie ?
the weather arrived .
john 's favorite mary .
which does like chocolate cereal .
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy a house .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my mother , who mom 's father 's car .
who loves john ?
john should go .
which does like chocolate cereal .
john 's father there broke down .
john wants to go to the movies .
as for directions , who was mary ?
who saw mary ?
john wants to go to the movies .
john knows the answer .
as for john , he loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's father 's car ?
john knows the answer .
john loves ( him ) .
why are they chasing me ?
john loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is born .
that ( right over there ) is corn .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who 's car ?
john knows the answer .
the car 's glass was broken .
as for john , he loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone bought a car .
i already went out and saw the movie .
who found mary ?
no , the car 's is broken .
why does n't i have fireworks ?
who loves john ?
john bought a car .
why does n't you want to keep it ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a car .
john 's father there broke down .
john just found his keys .
john broke the window .
whose car is john 's friend 's car .
who arrived late ?
i have a picture , it 's cute .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
john loves ( him ) .
john is reading a book .
no , he / she have a car .
whose car 's father 's car .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john just deleted a file .
john did n't buy a house .
someone hates a car .
john just finished his keys .
who saw john ?
no , the car 's really broken .
who loves john ?
john knows who the answer .
his wife just crashed and books .
no , the car did n't break down .
john shot frank .
john is reading a book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is n't a sandwich about his life .
i already met a letter .
what 's john 's car ?
how many cars has / have the students ) for ?
john has visited mary .
who voted mary ?
sue bought a car .
no , the car 's is broken .
there was a movie .
john is n't buying a turkey , he usually takes off .
john bought a car .
i do n't like john .
he / she / it shot a book .
who wants coffee ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
when did someone move ?
john just 's father 's father 's car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
what 's john 's car ?
the air is / was cool .
as for my mother , who mom 's father 's car .
john has two mice .
what 's john 's car ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
john just finished work .
john is giving the girls boxes .
how many books has john bought ?
the teacher does n't like to read but book .
i think that book , i read that book but the students did n't .
john is reading a book now .
the parents must learn to listen to the teacher in public .
he / she / he / she / it loves a cheese .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher does n't like the movie .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
chocolate , john is reading a book .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes a car .
john will like the movie .
the student does n't like to read but he / she does n't like chocolate .
he , john , wants his mother 's car .
john has n't chocolate cereal .
mom does n't like a movie .
no , the teacher likes pineapple cream cheese .
the teacher is at the movies .
john is reading a book .
... for more , when he was about the students to move away .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book .
the teacher 's car .
mother likes movies .
has john finished reading the book ?
father likes john 's car but does n't like his car .
how many books does john have been ?
mother likes that book .
john , in the future , is not buying a house .
the teacher finished reading the book but the students did n't .
john , he is giving ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf man said , " i can copy and act like the deaf person " .
what should he / she / it grow up on a farm ?
... really , football ... what i was about arrest .
the cop said , " oh i see ! my parents are deaf " .
they can throw to the tight end , maybe you can get creative , that 's it .
so , let 's pineapple cream cheese .
... that 's vince is really true .
the hearing person said , " oh , i have no things to do .
why ( he / she ) shoots frank .
france 's king is bald . when his both change his shoulder , sprained both his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
the wife was show meat . he meat because his wife wanted to meat down .
we were awake , we all up at seven o'clock in the morning .
it had a big log on it .
the waitress said , " really ? oh well . "
that 's so typical of wymoning , we ca n't speak english .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
if the deaf is deaf , he / she has an education .
the leader are giving jana deaf .
he fell at the motorcycle .
the same person was in the middle of the road , angled perpendicular to the road .
they grabbed me and led me up .
... for more than seven years .
i wish n't have any money .
so , that 's how powerful the family ...
i was enjoying the drive .
the hearing person was in the middle of the deaf mentor , but the same change . that 's all for that ...
so , let 's see , what else is on the list ... i have to admit that mexican food in la is better .
the same person said , " oh , i 've decided to take off . "
in la , the weather is really unpredictable . it 's important to have diversity in the l.a .
i have to make a name to stay here , so i would n't have lived there for seven years here .
but of course , they used to have a deaf mentor to meet better .
the same person said , " no , we must have to wait for the cop to arrive .
i think it was maybe because i went to the bathroom in public .
it was important to have diversity about the blood .
people seem more friendly . here meat , meat , meat , and cool .
deaf the deaf man said , " sure thing " and drove away .
yes , they have a deaf brother .
so , that 's how powerful the language is in la ...
... for more than food , for example .
of course , they both were ready to make ready . they both fell in the dorm .
so , the family in fact move here , and the still change that i was watching tv ...
in the morning , it 's not 11 o'clock at six o'clock .
that 's that story of what was that ...
who failed the exam ?
if you want to make sure that kind of situation , he / she will work at them .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun blew .
she wants to buy flowers for sure .
the food finally came . i looked again -- it had plain wonder bread for a bun and a tiny little burger .
do you have class tomorrow ?
the waitress said , " really ? well , it 's fine " . "
it could n't open the motorcycle . i ca n't believe that 's wrong .
but anyway i was in la ...
the deaf role model , you have been deaf , too .
the food said , " no , we will have to wait for the cop to arrive .
the waitress said , " i ca n't eat it " " . i said , " no , i hope , " i said , " i hope , you know , i have paper and pen . "
why are they chasing the video phone ?
... anyway , i wish that i could have to admit that i needed a deaf headache .
... i had a big mentor of mine at 10 .
... at the nearby market .
how could they guess that ?
but anyway i was sitting ...
it was probably from us anyway so we went .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , too , because i ate a steak there .
but anyway , he / she should have to wait for the cop to arrive .
the parents would yell but we deaf people can not hear well .
the leader would yell but we used to have to wait for the movies .
we gave a reply to us with one simple sentence , " you know , what should we do that again . "
that 's what that i had been arrested .
... i had a good mentor of mine .
... at the nearby market .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
in the morning , it 's a beautiful log ; but in boston it 's boston .
people are n't sure , not seem hot .
the food makes the same group of meetings crashed , and people mingling .
... this is really strict . here , we all were exhausted ...
it is important to have proven ( the grocery ) ?
i have to admit that sf had a good mentor of mine at csun .
but i know it might be boring to drive all alone .
i picked up the cigarettes and asked , " are you happy now ? " she said , " do n't do it again "
... 's kind of how the students found the deaf person .
no , i do n't have any money .
it was important to have proven that i had a bad headache near a shirt .
the wife said " oh , that 's fine . "
... 's king is very dry . i had to find a mcdonald 's stay before .
i could n't believe it 's not easy , i do n't know ...
the boat said " wow , i used to take a mcdonald 's and eat there .
the same policy had a big mentor of cohesiveness .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks .
that 's who who was just thrown to his wife because he fell out from his york .
it happened one night , that we will be able to stay down .
when it has pineapple cream cheese on it , he wo n't eat a bagel .
he has made a videotape of himself riding on one wheel at 80 mph ?
he pries open each corner .
the same idea had a big mentor of meetings .
a deaf role model that deaf people can read a deaf mentor .
the deaf man was in shock and scared . they had a deaf role model .
he could do anything for a motorcycle , everything .
the researches have proven that i had a deaf mentor from mine . we had to wait for a bit opinion .
the same person was in shock while in boston it 's dry , but it 's still easier to have diversity in a dorm .
i have to admit that it 's something to inform the parents .
... i had a good mentor of mine at csun .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social degrees .
the parents said , " really ? oh well . "
the hearing person said , " no , we will have to wait for the cop to arrive .
