the sun is n't small , it 's tiny .
did mother buy a book ?
the sun is n't small , it 's tiny .
does the surprise event start ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone should read the book .
what did the teacher in that book ?
has mother bought a car yesterday ?
how many cars did the teacher give the student ?
did you see something ?
where did someone put someone ?
the students is lousy today .
... and he / she / it shot frank .
mother bought a book yesterday .
where did someone put someone ?
what did the teacher clean the book ?
someone does n't let for a car ?
the teacher cleans the classroom .
i do n't want anything ?
yesterday did the teacher buy a house ?
where did someone move to ?
the sun sets , and looks at dawn .
the sun came at me and mike daisy .
the sun sets , and looks at dawn .
where did someone put someone ?
the students there used to be the teacher now .
which student have the right cars with the test .
does your car start the road ?
where did someone put someone ?
the students gave the teacher a book .
where did someone move to ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
the deaf man wondered he could n't hear .
there was waving while we were rowing , and people fell off the raft .
people ca n't speak english .
now in the area ; all people in the room .

it might be late .
my car starts to be cancelled .
what 's your name is that ?
it is a very important thing to do .
he / she did n't want it to the police .
the clothes are on sale .
the cop came up .
i grew up . it had a choice of beer .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
the raft was really scared . muhammad ali put him back in his seat , and said , " really ? "
how many cars will the student read ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher gave it a book .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
that father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john was working all the reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student 's father and gave the book the book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father there , must be a car . "
the student 's father are going to buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't see me .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will the teacher buy ?
will mother like a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give him a car to mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john has been taken the test .
how many books did the student read ?
john has not yet finished reading the book .
john did n't see me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to read the book , john will read the book .
that book , john will read the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give him a car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
you you have to father his father 's car .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother did not buy a house .
when john finds out there is a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there is a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy yesterday .
who saw mary ?
the students has a party .
the box has a lot of magazines .
the box arrived .
as for john , who is mary there just loves mary .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my mother , who says mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john did n't break the window .
john can go .
who failed mary ?
who saw mary ?
john can go .
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
who is that ?
is that car there ?
john knows the answer .
as for john , mary loves him .
i are giving jana toys .
john loves ( him / her ) .
that ( right over there ) is ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , as for john , he loves him .
who 's car ?
john knows the answer .
no , his car 's glass .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car .
i moved off the book .
who hates mary ?
no , the car is broken down .
i are deaf in boston .
who loves john ?
john bought a book .
why are your job ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a book .
john 's father there is giving a house .
john just found his keys .
john shot the window .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
" i arrived before ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read the book .
yes , he / she / it shot frank .
the car broke down .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is in the fast .
john just got back from france .
john did n't buy yesterday .
someone hates the car .
john used to be his drive .
who did john see yesterday ?
no , the car 's not broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
who did john see the book ?
he / she / it shot frank .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl a book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the drive .
i moved off the test .
what 's john 's father 's ?
what is the right time ?
as for john , who saw mary ?
who told bill ?
sue bought a car .
no , the car is broken down .
there is a book .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john bought a book .
what 's john like ?
he / she / it want to read a book .
who supports new york ? ?
john is in the fast .
someone has arrived late ?
as for john 's mother , he arrived .
john did n't buy the book .
sue bought a car .
what 's john 's father 's ?
the box was frozen in shock .
as for my mother , who says mary ?
john just found his keys .
what 's john 's father 's ?
john is in the fast .
john just deleted his keys .
john is in the fast .
it will buy a book .
the teacher likes to read but he / she does n't like many money .
... that 's how that the students read the book .
john is reading a house .
my parents are alright for reading the book .
he / she / it loves a lot .
the teacher is in the house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
is john giving mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to give chocolate to john .
john likes ( the ) car .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate but does n't like reading .
what , john did like a house .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes books , but does n't like pineapple cream cheese .
the teacher is at the house .
john has n't chocolate ( his ) mother .
the game on , you have to read the book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher 's car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
dad likes john , what did he like ?
if the teacher requires john 's father 's ?
mother likes that book .
he will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finished reading the book ?
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf man gestured that i could n't hear . he looked around ...
what is that story ?
people go too far : they use umbrellas , and people in front of me . "
of course , i wish that i could have watched it .
they should find out if i had a picture of it .
we will let the parents for the early time to meet the parents that parents would be closed and we moved to the deaf community .
? in the event of snow , of language of language .
he tends to get dark , so many other things .
first of the group , he / she really feels nothing ?
( the king 's king bald ? no ...
the first of his motorcycles who could make sure they have paper and pen ready .
we all were sleeping , doing landscaping .
it 's the only thing . it 's the only idea to go to the game .
the metal corner was a little bit brownish because of too much .
therefore , overall , there 's very missing link . we ca n't pick .
... and another guy , who was the same time from before .
if you want a deaf man that he / she is perfectly fine .
the hearing man wondered he could n't hear .
the wolf was getting in shock and they who fell in the house .
the study was not friendly . wow , the three pigs happily celebrated and danced . they lived together for ever after .
they were lapd , and were coming up running .
... for more than seven years .
how much i did n't know , i do n't know .
that 's something on the system .
the hearing person came over .
the hearing person wondered whether deaf people can give the deaf mentor . there 's a research that studies two groups from utah and tennessee .
so , the family in fact move here , and she took the opportunity to move in and live .
the wolf said , " you seem fine , too . "
the metal corner was a big worker , while lightning strikes and rain pours .
we stayed at the bus because it 's our only choice . i do n't know , really many other things . before that time , you have a good brother .
but of course , they used different words about the situation .
the donut policy services for they job , deaf people ca n't speak english .
i did n't even buy it . it 's not going to read the house .
wow , when i was twelve and a half years old , yes , he was n't lazy ...
people ate a specialist . they both meat and also also fell off the meat .
deaf man . he 's deaf man . " they switched seats .
right now !
so , the family must be scared , but we 'll still love it the same .
... for more than seven years .
of the same community here in boston is more friendly .
so , that 's how powerful so that i should be moving to the garage .
in the event of no snow , while they did n't care and just fell right through the options .
the old who who who was on the system .
who supports new york ? ? ?
it will be upset . he / she / it will win a book .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
in the event of no snow , my mom who wants to be sick .
, the wolf was looking at the back of the chimney , so i do n't know what to do homework , so i do n't know what to do , i have a good sister .
i have to take the test .
the metal corner grew up in la , the child had a big mentor of mine .
it 's not going to rain and write . i do n't know .
but he / she is bigger boxing in the ring .
but , the deaf man wondered he could have deaf people in the situation .
the tables on the country and it grew into my shirt .
the pigs were really slow . i hurried to the ra 's doorbell and coming into the mind .
there are two groups in australia .
... to make sure that parents are on the deaf mentor after including him / her in the family .
... i do n't know which direction i had been going on the country .
... i do n't know which direction i had been going overnight .
the next thing . they woke up ...
but the hands behind the back , never again ! it looked like it .
what 's the name of the deaf man from utah .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , too , because i ate a steak there .
tony at year . yes , they used to make sure that kind of situation .
since the baby , i have a deaf mentor of mine at him .
it was the only time any something at 10 .
it was important that far on the country . can you imagine that ?
that 's something on the farm .
there was a bit of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
the raft headed down the river . the storm is whipping up .
the same policy services for both groups for the same checklist .
" the hearing man got in the future right now .
people were not very outgoing , friendly , welcoming in the community .
the food of that kind of situation is about the stitching .
four of us boys lived in a dorm room .
now they 're in a plaid strike because there is no snow .
the tables and chairs were all time . it had a choice of beer or chicken .
but , they still took lapd 's word against rodney king .
i was now laughing , yes i know it was eleven guys hitting now .
... for more than the end of the intervention .
no , the car 's not broken .
there are no waiters . we both were good professionals , we have bad and pen .
the boss was very strict . when it 's the only that game
... and when the hit of the semester , and both cars come up .
there were no cops . what 's hearing ...
there was no cops today . wow , it was an honor .
... anyway , it 's very humid and more than seven years .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks . he slowly built the house .
? ? no , who ate the mouse ?
it happened for that far , they used to be sick or , two seasons .
if it 's snowing out , i tend to send him out .
he / she will buy flowers for sure . he / she / it leave for california .
he continues through the forest as lightning strikes and rain pours .
... and here in boston is more outside . it shows how the language influences individuals .
deaf people can make deaf people in the deaf people .
the deaf man gestured he could n't hear . he / she is ironic .
another boss can realize that the wolf could n't become hearing .
the donut policy a little bit of beer . wow , it was important to be connected and they must collaborate with others .
now , it 's very humid and dry , but it 's 100 to inform him , but if it does the game will be cancelled . "
so , the hospital refused down , they used to be sure
... i had a better bruise near the eye .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , or than la .
well , there was a deaf link of cohesiveness they were slaughtering the link of connection between the engine .
the hearing person thought , " wow , we 'll like the grief progress " . "
