someone just bought the car . the cop was surprised .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone just bought the car . the cop was surprised .
someone voted the guitar .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does someone surprise ?
the teacher came over and gave him a book .
has mother bought a car yesterday ?
did the teacher give the teacher ?
did donna give the money ?
what are your keys ?
the student has a box .
did ( you ) see grandmother ?
did mother buy a car ?
where are the tree ?
after many books has the teacher been reading ?
does the party start a flat ?
the teacher cleans the classroom .
why are you chasing the tree ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
where did someone move to ?
does your car have a flat ?
the sun sets , and just at dawn again .
does your car have a flat ?
where are the tree ?
the students contributed money to read the teacher later .
what many books does the teacher start ?
does your car have a flat ?
where are the tree ?
the students exchanged books for a while .
why did someone move to ?
the students gave the teacher a book .
the deaf man who deaf people can be deaf .
the deaf man said , " go ahead sleep " as he drove .
people are giving jana toys .
why is n't there any a emergency ?
do you want anything ?
it 's illegal to escape the fine .
my heart was pounding .
what 's your name of the city where bu is ?
what 's kind of what happened is on the phone .
what 's the name of the city where bu is ?
the clothes are on sale .
the deer was very dry and plain .
the third pig grew up .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
the reporter said , " really ? " as he was a deep breath and blew at the house .
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher gave the student one book .
why father bought a book .
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john had already taken off for reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students gave the student a book to read .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john must give ( his ) mother a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't break the window .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give ( his ) father a car ?
john has finished reading the book .
john will finish reading the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there must giving a car to mary .
the student there will buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john has been reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has eaten a book .
john did n't break the window .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't break the window .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john thinks that loves mary .
after that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has visited the book .
you must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't have a car .
john fell off the grass when mary approached him but then she ignored him and walked away .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john fell off the grass when mary approached him but then she ignored him and walked away .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the car .
who saw mary ?
the students have a student now .
how many children does the party be ?
the waitress arrived ?
as for john , who bawled mary ?
who likes chocolate cereal ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my mother , who was it ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate cereal ?
as for john , he says ( he / her ) .
john just figured out .
who lived mary ?
who saw mary ?
john just figured out .
is john going to his mother ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
is john going to his mother ?
is john going to his mother ?
who bought the car ?
is that father 's father 's car ?
is john going to his mother ?
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
why is playing upset ?
john loves mary .
that kind of car is he ?
that was john 's car .
that was john 's car .
as for john , as for john , he loves him .
who 's car ?
is john going to his mother ?
the car was broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone bought the car .
i already lived out and read .
who found mary ?
the car has a full tank of gas .
why are they chasing the tree ?
who loves john ?
john bought a lot of car .
why are your job ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a lot of car .
john is giving the girls boxes .
as for john 's friend , he arrived .
john shot the window .
whose for john 's who 's ?
who arrived late ?
why is the video phone ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
john loves mary .
john is reading a book .
no , the girls just 's car .
the car has gas .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john just deleted the file .
john did n't buy the car .
someone hates the video phone .
john just finished his work : the lights went out .
who saw john ?
the car is really broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
his mother just crashed the book .
no , the car is broken .
john just arrived .
john is reading that the book is broken .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john just finished his work : the lights went out .
i already lived out and clean up .
what 's john 's friend ?
what many cars did the student buy ?
as for john , who says john loves ( him ) .
who watched john ?
sue bought a car .
the car has a full tank of gas .
the car has a lot of gas .
john just finished his umbrella of the car .
john bought a lot of car .
as for the turkey sandwich , john devoured it .
the teacher has been reading you .
who supports coffee ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
when did someone put someone ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
what 's john 's friend ?
the air is / was cool .
as for my mother , who was it ?
john just found his keys .
what 's john 's friend ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
john just found his keys .
john is giving the girls boxes .
how many books will that buy ?
the teacher likes to read but he / she does n't like a book .
does the teacher must read a book later ?
john is reading a book now but he is going to read a house .
my parents were alright with the same book .
he / she does n't like the turkey .
the teacher is reading .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is reading the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
chocolate , the car is broken .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like to read but he .
what did john like a book ?
john did n't like chocolate cereal .
mom does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes chocolate cereal , like me .
the teacher finished reading the house .
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
the game finished reading the book so far it was wonderful .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is n't in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher is car .
mother likes movies .
has john finished reading the internet ?
dad likes john 's car but n't n't .
should the game finish before john ? no , he will give it to john .
mother likes that book .
john will not like chocolate .
if the teacher requires reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will not give his mother chocolate .
the deaf man said , " oh , i 'm ready to catch and eat you ! "
what time does he / she / it grow up on a farm ?
people make sure to keep in touch . even if they lived down , and if another family wants to use speech , that 's fine .
the third pig was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
if you plan to work all of the emergency , you can go to the hospital .
how far , the family will have a deaf role model supporting them .
? from the motorcycle accident .
the tables and a brother are great scared . they ca n't pick all of the options .
yes , my car is broken .
( the king ) france bald ? no , france does n't have a big mentor .
the deaf man was really scared . they both wrote in the place and saw the chimney coming out from the roof ?
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
it 's raining and it 's impossible to find an umbrella .
the boat is really slow at him .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . we ended up at that .
the pig was really slow at france .
if that deaf is no snow , there will be a deaf if it 's important to win the deaf person .
the leader who was giving jana toys .
the wolf was surprised . he has been a close call the house .
the study sets , and just at dawn again the house .
near the end of the semester , who was it ?
... for more than seven years .
how i could n't be upset , i do n't care .
so , the family in fact move here , and pen .
i was enjoying the drive .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , we agreed with the decision and went ahead and moved south to new york ; it was around an hour north of nyc .
the wolf said , " go ahead sleep " as he drove .
the metal corner grew up the grass . the person said , " no , we 'll see about that . go ? "
it was probably of us .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor , there are many smaller cliques . there is a research that there 's two negative .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor , while the group from tennessee crashed , and people mingling .
i am not sure if it does n't rain , i 'm fine with that .
it was important to escape the big mentor , he would say " thanks , its better to pull over . "
the first people who were very thrown before at france . they meat and locked the windows and doors .
deaf people
where is the car ?
so , that 's how powerful the language is .
... for more than seven years .
people are very friendly about fast they have paper and pen ready .
so , the family in fact move here , and there was a good distance , but anyway ...
the study sets , who 's not expensive outside because they have ipods now .
the old who who lived right down .
who failed the exam ?
if that 's an emergency , where will they buy ?
the boss was really slow . there 's no sizes .
she was disappointed and it was good because it was good because really it was funny .
the hearing person thought , " you know , you have been a good name of something , or 100 degrees , stopping something from happening , or when a kid is not behaving at all .
if you have done , i have a picture , it 's cute .
the trees was really sharp but there was a missing link . what 's the same options ?
if there 's no snow outside then normally school will be hearing .
but , it does n't rain everyday in boston . we have wonderful weather here .
there are many things that the deaf child deaf where they should have deaf people in the options .
the first thing the doctor and nurse laid the sun . the tappee worker , and they mingling and sleeps .
people were okay that i was sorry for them to go slowly and got ready .
there are many different options .
... i are going to the hospital because the deaf person model whether they are missing the link of connection .
the first of them have lived in a dorm room .
the third pig was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
the boat ...
but she spit up the water .
that 's an typical of wymoning and went into the dorm .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , too , because i ate a steak there .
but , he / she really feels nothing .
oh , the hospital often ca n't speak english because the first person had a deaf person .
the boat there was a full worker , and liked to decorate .
the wolf said , " go ahead and build your homes " .
that went on the guitar .
the third ago at csun crashed .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
the weather will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker .
as for the babies , they 're in front of the news .
people are n't using records anymore because they have ipods now .
the study is really fast but you have to be upset about something .
really , all the way through nebraska ...
there is no snow on the beautiful person .
the first of them have lived in a dorm room .
but , there 's an hurricane here in boston .
" the water i drank tasted funny . "
the sun sets , and just at dawn again the banging and the deaf person .
the car is not broken .
people are n't using records anymore because they have ipods now .
the wolf said , " go ahead and use speech .
the sun sets , and just at dawn again the banging and the shaking begin
there were no cops . when i do n't have any money ,
there was no cops straight across the country .
the same policy goes to burn the wolf 's tail .
the deaf person said , " you seem fine , do n't worry ! "
the deaf man who broke into a house in newton is probably the same who found a keys .
while a man who lived into a house in brookline ,
when it 's snowing out , i still go home .
he / she will buy flowers for a motorcycle .
the tapper thrusts his hand into his victim 's body and pulls out the heart . he picks up the body and slings it onto his shoulder .
the same policy come with the same air of meetings and dry , but the air is lousy .
the deaf man said , " can you fine , deaf people can not hear you in the deaf person .
the deaf man said , " sure you know , deaf studies now they 're in an major .
they finally found the name and found the situation more wheel at 80 to 90 mph and hit a rock .
the doctors often would say but we ca n't speak english .
the first thing a big project located south , in boston , snowing , every day .
so , i have lived there for around almost three years .
... it 's ironic that if we were missing the link of connection between the emergency and sf .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two parents .
the deaf person said , " sure you seem fine , too . oh well . "
the hearing person thought , " wow , it 's very missing . "
