the sun came in the farm .
did mother buy a book already ?
the sun came in the farm .
someone did n't win the road .
mother bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
has someone seen the book ?
the teacher gave the student a book .
has mother bought a car ?
no , the students came over .
did he / she see something ?
what was your favorite ?
the students exchanged books .
did you see money ?
did the mother buy a car already ?
has someone seen joan ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
the sun came at the farm and tan .
the teacher cleans the classroom .
do you want anything else ?
did the teacher buy a house already ?
does someone have arrived ?
my friend came up to the car and started talking .
the sun came downstairs and goes to speed up .
my friend came up to the car and started talking .
has someone seen joan ?
the teacher gives the teacher a book .
if the teacher requires the teacher , it 's ( la ) .
does your friend go to the car ?
has someone seen joan ?
the students exchanged books and books .
what did someone go to boston ?
the students contributed books books and saw a book .
the deaf man wondered whether deaf people can drive lips .
a deaf person told him a deaf person .
people people giving jana toys .
in the future , is in general , a beautiful storm is in shock .
do you go ahead with crashing the party ?
it 's the only thing .
he took off my hand .
no , it 's only 5'6 . what for it that too ?
it was a good day .
he took off the handcuffs .
the clothes are on sale .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
they got in the bus .
the birds are on sale .
really , all the way through nebraska ...
will the teacher read ?
the teacher is at the movies there .
the teacher gave the movie a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finishes reading the book , he will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students contributed books and books .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give ( his / a ) car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
as for john , must give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car broke down .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there 's giving a car to mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book ?
after class , john has eaten reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has just finished reading the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must give a car to john .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
i have the father 's john 's car .
mother should not buy a car .
mother does n't buy a house .
when john finishes reading the book , he will panic and be compelled .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finishes reading the book , he will panic and be compelled .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who blames mary ?
the students exchanged books .
someone has a party .
the screening arrived .
john was giving the girls boxes .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who was planning to beat mary .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , he says ( he / she ) shoots frank .
john just finished work .
who found mary ?
who blames mary ?
john just finished work .
john knows the girl .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was right over there ) is john 's car .
john knows the girl .
john knows the girl .
who is that car ?
is that car there like a car ?
john knows the girl .
as for john , mary says ( he ) is corn .
i had a picture of beer .
john loves ( him / her ) .
that is that man is car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that was right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , bill says ( i ) loves him ?
who 's car ?
john knows the girl .
france 's former car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
has someone seen a car ?
i already found the teacher to read .
who was mary ?
the car is broken .
why are they chasing the flowers ?
who loves john ?
john bought a car yesterday .
why do n't like fireworks ?
sue bought a car and sue .
john bought a car yesterday .
john is giving a house yesterday .
as for john 's former driving , he arrived .
john shot the window .
whose for john , who is it ?
who arrived ?
the weather arrived .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
just just got back onto the car .
whose car did n't break down .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to read the book .
john just got back from italy .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone is car .
john is giving the girl a file .
who saw john ?
what did he / she / it grow up a farm ?
who loves john ?
he arrived .
just just got reading who books ?
just just 's car .
john arrived .
john is giving the book .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is waiting at seven o'clock .
i brought my umbrella .
really , as for the turkey sandwich , he realized it .
what kind of students did the student one student ?
john 's visited everyday .
who hates bill ?
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
there is a book .
john is waiting at seven o'clock .
john bought a car yesterday .
as for the turkey , john likes him , like him .
he / she talks a book .
who supports new york ? ?
john used to read the book .
has someone seen joan ?
as for john 's friend , who 's driving .
what did john buy ?
sue bought a car .
really , as for the turkey sandwich , he realized it .
the air is / was cool .
who was planning to beat mary .
john just gives his keys .
really , as for the turkey sandwich , he realized it .
john used to read the book .
john just gives his keys .
john is giving the book .
has it will buy a book ?
the teacher does n't like the whole thing .
he / she should read a book and read the book .
john is a house now .
the parents are giving john book and read the book .
he / she does n't want to use a car there .
the teacher is in the house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher has been reading a book there .
the car is giving john 's mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to read john yesterday .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like movies .
the students like chocolate but does n't like chocolate .
what does n't john like house ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like movies .
the teacher likes movies , not like movies .
how many cars did the teacher read ?
john is eating chocolate . the box is chocolate .
the game are giving john 's reading the book .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher gave the car .
mother likes movies .
after mother has john given john chocolate ?
father likes john to do a like car .
many books should john give to work ?
mother likes that book .
john , in the future , wo n't like chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the book ?
john , in the future , is ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person looked and thought , " i went ahead . "
what did he / she / it doing in california ?
erick is a bunch of beer everwhere and paul .
the hearing person looked and thought , " wow , he got excused . "
they can cause sure they must cause sure you can stay .
when you finds out that i will have a deaf brother .
in the event of snow , who was it ?
he said , " to pump on the hearing phone on the farm . "
or , for example , the game who is broken down .
i was drinking upset because they 're in l.a . they all decided to move around his shoulder .
people give the mouse dinner .
there 's something a while
it 's the only thing to come across the country .
in the hospital are on sale .
the horse are on the mouse because there is a wood motorcycle .
... and he set his victim 's another body .
there is a deaf person . he 's deaf .
the hearing person wondered , he / she is perfectly fine .
the wolf looked at the house and blew at the house .
the baby kept not more . it 's not a big log about the doors .
they would cause problems in gesture and vegetables in the morning .
... for more than seven years .
i 'll n't believe he could n't hear .
so , all , i was really upset .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
the house wondered whether can be in the house . the deaf person looked at the house .
he scared . she was ready to know how to do . they sat down and got scared .
" he got scared . he told his men , " the person said .
the wolf looked at the house . it 's ironic for us to hang away .
they must cause problems on the internet and thought they would have to do more good .
more , that 's not many air . i do n't know , there is a wood house .
... and he scared . " they switched seats . they were relieved .
it 's not raining but i went ahead and got to read for another building .
if there 's no weather , the study starts to give to the movie because he was able to the movies .
people in the general of france is very upset . they both people in shock meat .
if a deaf man was deaf professionals . they have deaf deaf mentor .
where is the deaf phone , he asks himself .
so , around those southern states , going across there .
for rodney king , for example . for seven years years .
people and another people both deaf people at people in shock . they were people in the community .
... and he closed , and in the door , and he stays awake .
ask for the group of france 's vegetables , but if they 're ) in the group because they did n't care .
... and that that it was that ?
who failed the exam ?
you will be patient because they used to move around .
he arrived at a limp .
my friend came up .
the food that got in europe 's life , but if he was ...
would you take the tree ?
... and he set up the victim 's in the pond .
i ca n't believe there 's an emergency because they would n't hear it 's the same .
but , that 's it any four days .
have the deaf role model people in the deaf community can choose to make sure a deaf .
the food that i had a deaf person . oh , it 's important to hang out in september .
on , i got a b on the boat and 60s , they give out that i had a bad time .
there are warm ...
the early are in my major , crashed , and people in charge .
on , they used to grow on the club .
our ra lived on third floor .
how , ... and i banged the pots , and he stays up , and he stays up , and coming it .
but the la of snow , then looks away .
... and there was two different sizes .
that makes it was made with them to give to the hospital because they to move around and live all .
i went at the motorcycle , it 's only negative , for example . he 's awake for a long time .
. i do n't know , there is giving a hearing person .
the horse are in the house , it 's tiny .
... and he set up the victim 's body and said , " wow , wow . "
that first of my favorite , are playing in florida .
there are always five 80 .
a week are giving sale .
most of us said , " oh , lapd 's 75 . in the summer , seems on the summer .
the word are singing . it 's ironic to have diversity in the group .
people are not great .
about the mouse , they give to the mouse , for moving on , the game is in charge .
all of us boys lived in seven floor .
it 's a while right now until they 're in an economic crisis .
the boat are on sale . on , they all had to be tougher .
they know . for more than example , for on one time .
a doctor asked muhammad ali to discuss about attending the early intervention . there 's seven specialists for me .
... and i banged the boys in the deaf community .
i do n't have any money .
yes , i do n't know , the hall coordinator . there 's no homework today .
one of us went in the bus ...
so , i do n't know , i have to wear house ...
no , i do n't have any money .
there was no cops . wow , no ... "
... and there are a wood house .
he slowly and laboriously laid chocolate . there is n't wood .
? he is sure the motorcycle who ate chocolate .
in general from an oil accident , in september , seems about the same . it 's fun .
if they happens to work all night ?
he got to himself because they did n't win someone , but he is n't proficient .
... and he nails the victim back on the wheel and said , " no , wow . "
people in the meeting ; the same cars are in shock 's dry . they all people in the community .
people can make sure they deaf people in the deaf community .
a deaf person said , " sure can you ask the parents about the parents a deaf person now . "
they can buy a deaf mentor .
the quarterback runs on the farm , encouraging them to block . they both pick on the country .
if it 's cold , i will go out to be cancelled . it 's an idea . it 's a beautiful person here in boston .
we stayed on the groups , so they moved south to our live for more .
it 's fun . i had a picture , it 's ironic to grow crops in the country .
the wolf looked at the log and chairs worker . it looked again ! it was too .
one of the pig felt a deaf person . they lived in a deaf house .
there were chocolate , but i got to new york .
