does your car have a flat ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
does your car have a flat ?
does the party start , at 8 ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
has someone found the teacher ?
did the teacher use a book yesterday ?
has mother bought a car yesterday ?
did the teacher see the book ?
do you have money ?
i commute to work by bike .
the students exchanged books .
are that videogame easy ?
did mother buy a car yesterday ?
i noticed someone arrived .
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
does the surprise man start at 8 ?
the teacher is getting old .
do you want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
where do you want to travel ?
does your car have a flat ? no , it does n't race .
does your car have a flat ? no , it does n't race .
does your car have a flat ? no , it does n't race .
i noticed someone arrived .
the students contributed money to buy the teacher a book .
if which teacher does n't give to the teacher ?
does your car have a flat ? no , it does n't rain .
i noticed someone arrived .
the students exchanged books but the teacher is lousy .
i used to be a letter .
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
that deaf people have been giving and deaf people
... still picks a book .
people are giving jana toys .
is the same system here in boston ? no , it 's a guarantee game
do you have money ?
it 's illegal to find an umbrella .
my heart was pounding .
he / she will buy an opportunity for the baby .
what happened was a story ?
we had rope through us .
the clothes are on sale .
he puts the cover back on and nails each corner .
i grew up on the country .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
the family said , " really , it 's ok " and then ...
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is in the movies .
the teacher , i looked at him and said , " so that ?
why did father buy a book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car to john .
the student 's father buy a house .
mother will buy a house .
john is working until six o'clock .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students contributed money to buy the teacher a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
as for mary and vegetables , john loves ( him ) .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
should john give ( his ) father that car ?
as john 's car , i 've seen ( it ) yet .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give father father a car ?
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will the teacher buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has deleted the book .
as john 's car , i 've seen ( it ) yet .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
as john 's car , i 've seen ( it ) yet .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
you must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother did not buy a house .
john was sitting on the grass when he saw mary .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when he saw mary .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy yesterday .
who saw mary ?
the students have a book .
does the student have money ?
the waitress arrived .
as for john , who bawled him ?
who likes chocolate cereal ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my friends , who was mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate cereal ?
as for john , who bawled him ?
john wants to go .
who found mary ?
who saw mary ?
john wants to go .
is john buying his keys ?
as for john , who loves him ?
that was john 's car .
is john buying his keys ?
is john buying his keys ?
who bought a car ?
is that the car ?
is john buying his keys ?
as for john , who loves him ?
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is it ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , who is it that loves him ?
who 's the car ?
is john buying his keys ?
france 's the car 's car .
as for john , who loves him ?
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car has a car .
i already lived out and movies .
who found mary ?
no , the car is broken .
i need to help other organizations .
who loves john ?
john bought a book .
why is your tree ?
is sue buying a car ?
john bought a book .
john is giving the grass house .
john just arrived .
john is giving the grass .
who 's who 's who broke ?
who arrived late ?
i have to take a letter .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is giving the book .
no , he 's only 5'6 " .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the book to read .
john just found out his keys .
john did n't buy yesterday .
someone 's the car arrived .
john was giving the girl boxes .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
his motorcycles just crashed the book .
no , the car is broken .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john was just able to finish his job as the lights went out .
i 'm almost finished with my homework .
really , john knows the answer .
how many books did the student buy ?
as for john , who says john loves ( him ) .
who hates john ?
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
no , the car is broken .
there was a book .
john is able to finish his job as the lights went out .
john bought a book .
as for the umbrella , john devoured it .
he / she talks a book .
who supports new york ? ?
john is giving the book to read .
when is someone arrived ?
who 's mother arrived ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car and gave it to the car .
really , john knows the answer .
the box is small .
as for my friends , who was mary ?
john just found his keys .
really , john knows the answer .
john is giving the book to read .
john just found his keys .
john is giving the girl boxes .
how many books will you buy ?
the teacher likes to read but he / she does n't like movies .
does the teacher ca n't give me a book later ?
john is reading a book now .
my parents asked how does he might read ?
he / she does n't want to buy a house .
the teacher is in the house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did the teacher give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the book so now she is going to read a book .
does john give mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to give chocolate to john .
john likes the car .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate and movies .
what did john like a book ?
john is not like chocolate .
mom does n't like surprises .
the teacher likes pineapple cream cheese , like me .
the teacher is in the house .
john is giving the girl boxes .
of course , it 's cold , i need to read a book .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will dad like that book ?
the teacher is car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
dad likes john , not not now .
it 's raining and john 's bike .
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher requires reading the book ?
john will not give his mother chocolate .
the deaf man looked at him and said , " i am ready to eat you . "
what is the name ?
people go on a trip to make sure some stomach .
the third pig was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
we can throw to the tight end , maybe , or , i do n't know ...
it was probably from us anyway so we went . we picked them up and threw them in a dorm .
? , who was that ? " he asks himself ?
they have huge grass area littered with cigarette butts that people threw on the dorms .
( the baby ) is born , the truck is broken .
france 's king is bald . no , that 's not bad today .
the wolf wondered how the deaf child was scared . the deaf person gestured he could n't hear .
we had to make a name , the hall coordinator .
it 's raining and it 's impossible to find an opportunity .
in la , the weather is awful .
therefore , overall , overall , there 's a missing link .
... and realized that the wolf was trying to come down the chimney .
if that deaf is no snow , the study is broken .
the third pig was very standing .
he looked at the wood house .
the same person thought , " wow , it 's very humid " . "
near course , they used to worry by , since the mechanic said .
... for more than seven years .
i 'll follow whatever , i do n't care .
so , the family in fact move here , so i wo n't have lived there .
i was enjoying the drive .
the hearing person shows that the deaf person began broken and he could n't hear .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family at the new house in rochester .
... was stuck under the boat and could not breathe for a while .
in la , the weather tends to be " flat"--75 or 80 .
so , it 's very intimidating . i need to use a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only one child .
but of course , the service is not broken .
the food will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
if i do n't study , i am guaranteed to be bored .
it was important to escape , we both fell out .
people ate a specialist about dark tigers , crashed , and people mingling .
deaf deaf man said that he could n't hear .
it ca n't be a big deal .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family at rochester .
... for example , for example , for example .
of course , the fruits and here in boston is more toys .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family at the new job in rochester .
in la , the weather is not broken . when he 's not close outside ,
that 's night , there 's a missing link .
who failed the exam ?
if that is done , he / she will have an opportunity to do more than one .
the offense picks a bunch of guys who weigh 300 , 350 pounds to block ...
she is n't sure which way to go .
the hearing person thought , " i can copy and act like the deaf person " .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock .
in la , the weather is awful , more intense about him .
if it 's near the end of the semester , it 's awful .
but in la , would they do that ? no -- they do n't care and just drive right through .
but , a deaf role model that the deaf child model they have deaf professionals being involved .
the food will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two parents .
the pigs said , " no , i 'm lucky . "
there are many things to compare .
... so , overall , it 's very humid and dry , but anyway ...
of course , the fruits and it grew up .
of course , i think to myself " fine " .
... and called a bush .
but in la , would they do that ? no -- they do n't care and just drive right through .
that makes it was important to find an opportunity to do .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , too , because i ate a new steak .
family , and she found a book .
oh , the one of making information , they used to be hearing about money .
the game is giving john 's tiny today .
it was probably first time .
the game finishes before 6 ? what time ?
there was a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
... the next year , the service is definitely inside .
the weather is important to include the good mentor to develop better .
in course , the weather is really unpredictable .
people is not very outgoing , friendly , welcoming before .
people makes a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only new job .
seven years ago at california state university northridge ...
now , there is a lot today today . oh , is no snow .
the food will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker .
but in la , would they do that ? no -- they do n't care and just drive right through .
i picked a cigarette from my pants pocket and lit up .
... and the hit thing that a deaf person was cheaper .
no , the car is not broken .
it 's important to escape a little , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker .
the wolf said , " no , it 's fine . "
... 's another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
" ... i do n't want you to do anything ?
the flat is a little bit brownish . wow , it 's awful .
... and here in boston is that the first pig .
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks . he slowly built the house .
what does the cat who chases the mouse drink ? no , who does he / it was ?
while in la , the weather is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , too .
when it 's snowing out , everyone still tells the party .
it 's the same thing any in general is n't mph .
the hearing person thought , " i can copy and act like the deaf person " .
people had proven about same occurences about 4 days .
a deaf man model whether deaf people can drive alone alone .
the deaf man said , with sure a deaf man asked whether deaf people can drive .
another hearing person said , " can can need to use a deaf mentor . "
the food will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only new job .
there is no snow today , while in la , it 's dry , but it 's 100 to 110 degrees .
so , we guess , we ca n't speak english .
of course , it does n't rain , a little rainy .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two parents .
the deaf person said , with confidence , deaf studies " .
the hearing person thought , " wow , it 's very humid . "
