someone just put the car and then pulled out .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone just put the car and then pulled out .
someone just threw up .
the student bought a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
someone found a book .
the teacher gave each a book .
did that car buy a car ?
... and groom gave the student .
i saw something .
someone arrived at me .
the student is really sure .
i saw something .
did mother buy yesterday ?
someone arrived .
has the teacher given the book ?
someone just put the car and then pulled it .
each teacher is reading the book .
why do you want to eat ?
yesterday bought a house .
someone got something .
no , the car was pulled and i got up .
no , the car was just flat and it was made .
no , the car was pulled and i got up .
someone arrived .
is the student that student ?
which book , the student will give the teacher to the teacher ?
when it was no cops , then they pulled up .
someone arrived .
the student was really broken .
someone wonder here .
the student gave the book and gave him to the movies .
... that deaf people have different different things .
that 's the service involved with both and people were hearing .
people both action at people .
now you know the party up .
i went at him and thought .
the cop was born .
who was that ?
that will the baseball .
there was one quote .
that was that ?
the teacher has been trained and saw him .
one thing i was driving !
the short was really full related .
i got back .
we really know at the shop and got up and got up .
will the book give the student ?
the teacher is at the movie .
he looked at the movie and buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student give ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out there , he will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car never .
which book who gave the teacher to the teacher .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
will john know the book or more about lincoln 's life ?
mary has been a close car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
will john buy a car ?
john has never seen me .
that book , john finished reading yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give a car old ?
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
which should the students buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student give ?
john late reading the book .
john has never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ?
mother will buy a house .
john has never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book at reading that book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john has to give a car for mary .
that book , john finished reading yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
has john finished reading the book ?
you have to father give a car .
mother should not buy that car .
mother does not buy a house .
when john finds out there , she would have to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
has john finished reading the book ?
when john finds out there , she would have to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did john see mary ?
the student has broken .
the student has broken .
as for a woman arrived ?
who did john see mary to mary ?
who does he / she like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who told yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the post office .
who does he / she like chocolate ?
who did john see that mary ?
john went to the post office .
who loves ( mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john went to the post office .
john knows that ( his men .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows that ( his men .
john knows that ( his men .
whose car is that ?
is that 's father 's car ?
john knows that ( his men .
john loves ( him ) .
as for china and vegetables , people were really tempted .
john loves ( him ) .
that ( right over ?
that ( right over there ) is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john loves ( him ) .
his car 's car .
john knows that ( his men .
was it 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone was stolen .
i found a book .
who loves mary ?
the new car broke down .
what did it arrive here ?
who loves ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did n't john arrive ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
john 's old and pointed at a long house .
john arrived .
john was eating the girls .
who did he / she see ?
who arrived ?
i arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
john loves ( him ) .
was john reading the book ?
frank for a new car .
is that car good sue ?
as for john , he likes mary .
has john finished something with something ?
john walked to the movies .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone was stolen .
john is giving a man .
who did john see ?
is that car good sue ?
who loves john ?
who did john see ?
which is the same idea ?
frank 's car broke down .
john arrived down .
john is giving a man .
john read the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving and had a new bruise .
i found something a book .
what did he love ?
one student has some cops broken .
who did john see mary .
who told bill yesterday ?
sue bought a car .
the new car broke down .
has it has a book ?
john is giving a little .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what is john like john ?
has that book ?
who prefers prefers shoes ?
has john finished something with something ?
has someone finished here ?
as for john 's mother arrived ?
what did john buy a book ?
sue bought a car .
what did he love ?
the name has the name the name .
who told yesterday ?
john has a honor .
what did he love ?
has john finished something with something ?
john has a honor .
as for john and it has a book ?
it will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot .
the teacher could n't finish reading the book give .
john is reading now reading a book .
my parents were driving everyday .
he loves reading he about the car .
the teacher is really that house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
what house is that ?
how many cars did the teacher buy ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading so now reading a book .
is that john buying chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave him chocolate yesterday .
john likes a car .
john wo n't like movies .
that student likes chocolate , but does he like chocolate .
... and i likes him father with him .
why did n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes me but i do n't like movies .
did the teacher drive in the house ?
is john 's mother chocolate ?
when i finished reading the magazine , he will read a book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher did not in a house .
he will like that book that book .
the teacher in that is the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother finished john chocolate ?
my father likes john and i like him car .
how many books did that give john 's father ?
mother likes that book .
will john give chocolate chocolate ?
when the teacher finishes reading the book , he will read the book .
it will give chocolate chocolate .
i was not hearing , but it was really hearing .
that ( right now .
really , i was getting using the value of my culture , which means .
he was hearing transfer so she was really transferred .
the college decided to be trained , but the college will never college .
so when i did n't know the deaf person and i did n't know what to do . i did n't know what to do .
... but for utah -- it was really hearing .
i was looking and were looking . the rain was very dry .
you felt that he / she was deaf .
( his friend 's job 's job , it was really able to do , but the other between the hall intervention .
people were trouble -- it was really deaf . it was just that hard .
we have it with my own idea .
it did n't be a research .
i had to realize that it was too .
that means that the way was going to give to " that book .
... and worse , who saw him / her ) .
if he has a deaf bite , it was too fast .
that identified to ( that parents is deaf .
who was the same person on the headlights .
he looked at the test and looked at him and not like her career before .
... from my friend , who was really alright .
... for example new york .
how i was really sure , i do n't know .
... so i really know there are many different cars .
i was very unhappy .
there are an close while of the three deaf person that were deaf .
so , i was really close . it was a lot of interesting as something as people were thinking .
i looked at my friend -- it was fine . he was just hearing . he was just hearing .
... so , we were driving , but we were in the decision of my victim ...
a lot of information about the motorcycle and people were hearing , but they were sure they were sure they were sure they were sure they were watching a interpreter .
many people were not using ( the still -- they was really average .
the phone thought " wow , it was crazy and i thought it was good and dry at the hotel .
it 's not the only drive , but in boston it means a system . it means a long burger .
they used to realize in the movie , and put in the movies , then they have to have a close test . they have to have a eye .
people invited the phone , but the hit phone in the light of the car tends to 90 mph and wave in the phone .
a deaf person came in and has the hearing person came something .
... while the deaf person has a deaf person .
how , the concept was very big , or people ?
... for example and then were ended , then they tend to pull on .
people were in that major intervention , often , in that .
... so , i was in la with it ...
he was n't watching a lot of ) ) in the raft .
that happened there with there there was with our sleep .
who is it 's ?
in the future , the man was very fancy .
he arrived at a place ; it was about fifteen dead at a bun .
... because i was my clear total .
the study was good , but it was good , but if they were really tempted , and i started talking at the public minutes .
you have finished up a system .
he was close , but the doctor was driving .
i could n't even drive it through my eye .
... but it 's used to chat -- i 'm deaf .
people were in the deaf people and said , " deaf " ...
the wolf looked at my friend and said , " nah , i 'm welcome . "
i was driving and thought , " really , i was really surprised . "
i love drinking in the means .
i was going to use that driving and used that i used to use more .
he was just on that 's the hall thing .
as i got on my friend , he got express my eye .
how did he / she see to ?
... but it 's important to get in different o'clock .
i were going to the intervention , what were you going to the " .
that 's how really , i was slaughtering and i needed it an eye , or many studies .
in the bus . the researches has pineapple costs , the three child just had pineapple costs .
that 's how i did n't know that idea .
i express a specialist over the farm and i 'm deaf .
... really , two people were separated , but we were really tempted .
i took the menu but it was going to be connected .
in the family , when i did n't care , the one person was broken .
it was an article interpreter .
i 'm going to give driving , and he started to admit to rochester .
... and she wrote to read .
people were not going to move different people .
i thought it was one number -- i went up as i was trying to feel a while .
he would be very skilled in that together major .
now , when i was about butter , it was about a k. .
there was a very big difference .
but ... i was just going on two o'clock .
now , when i was the waitress that i were deaf , with both people both people on .
and , it 's more late . how people people were deaf at that .
there 's not wants to admit .
i did n't know it with me and said , " i had to realize with a eye , " the hall . "
some of all , i 'm the room but if they were the summer , but we all had a picture .
... and noise degrees , it was more rain . it was just flat at a while .
i do n't know they know , " i do n't know to use identified .
the loud and i did n't know it 's good .
... and i had made a good bit .
he made a court of himself the court ; he would make an book of certain .
who made a court that make a court for making a court .
... from people and i got in the back -- they were to do to break his room ...
or , it 's how it was easier to slow .
they were not sure how people should do . they know , " are you sure ?
the group was on the la ; my friends were laughing , but the students was relieved .
the boy was very big , but it was too .
people were growing , but people can see to see more , but ...
i noticed different of us were in the deaf mentor , they are really sure of mine .
it was many and i got up .
the social institute who will learn to the beach . they ca n't want to get their math .
i went at school and went in the study to give it about now .
... then i have two different classes from their family .
i 'm going to attack , but it was really flat .
it was because the link was on the raft and i looked at him and saw a noise call .
all of the three three people were really flat . it was really hot .
it was an very interpreter on the country and started talking .
