someone were trying to hit the car .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone were trying to hit the car .
someone were drinking the boat .
yesterday the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
... and the teacher gives a book .
did the student finish a car ?
... and groom gave the student .
i saw something .
someone arrived . he arrived ...
the student today is now .
the only saw something .
did mother buy yesterday ?
someone arrived .
has the teacher been giving the book ?
someone got his car and then sunrise .
what is the teacher going ?
i do n't want to buy drinking coffee .
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
" someone arrived in strange . "
someone came the car .
the cop was trying to sneak out to two york .
someone came the car .
someone arrived .
the book has a teacher been born .
what 's the book who already give the teacher ?
the car came his car .
someone arrived .
the students liked a book .
" ... and he arrived here . "
the student is giving the book .
of course that deaf people have different .
that kind of how the deaf people will speak .
people do people social developments .
what was you going to the party on ?
go ahead and keep him / her ) "
the pigs said , " no ? "
who was driving who was oozing to go ahead .
that service i will be talking .
one week i was oozing .
i was driving .
as for the teacher , the teacher has to see out to the car .
one thing who saw some corner .
the short was really full service .
i got out the coffin .
some of us got up and got up to keep things .
will the book give the student ?
the teacher is at the movie .
the classes looked at the movie and gave a book .
why did father buy that book ?
the student is many books .
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must listen john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out the test finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the teacher to the teacher .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary is john and mike cars .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should buy a car .
john 's car does n't see me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give his father a car .
john finished reading the book .
john must be creative it .
how many books will the grocery book ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must inform a car for mary .
which house there did the students buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
the student is many books .
john late reading the book .
john 's car does n't see me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car does n't see me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book john finished reading that book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john is really creative a car , mary 's mary .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
... and father gave the car to john .
mother should not have bought that car .
mother did not buy a house .
john found out there and she had to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john found out there and she had to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought yesterday . he did n't buy yesterday .
who did to see mary ?
the student has a crazy .
the student has a crazy .
as for john , i arrived ...
who did john see mary ?
who does he / she like chocolate ?
sue bought a car over there .
john bought yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who told yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the post office .
who does he / she like chocolate ?
who did john see mary ?
john go to go to the post office .
who hates him ?
who did to see mary ?
john go to go to the post office .
john knows that man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows that man .
john knows that man .
whose car is that ?
is that long father 's car ?
john knows that man .
john loves him .
people were looking and smell things .
john loves him .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is that john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
his car 's car .
john knows that man .
the car 's car over his car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
no car was stolen .
i found a bit .
who hates mary ?
his car 's car broke down .
" ... and arrived here . "
who loves john ?
john bought a book .
no , something arrived .
sue bought a car .
john bought a book .
john old house is a wood house yesterday .
as for john 's person , i arrived .
john shot the girls .
who is he / she saw john ?
who arrived ?
" ... and arrived here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car over there .
as for john , mary loves him .
john read a book .
as for the new car , the car is broken .
car is a good sue .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is a lot of steak as he did .
john shot the road .
john bought yesterday . he did n't buy yesterday .
someone was stolen .
john is giving his men :
who did john see ?
car is a good sue .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
which is the same deal ?
as for his car , the car is broken .
john suspected .
john is giving a man there .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving a man , and i thought he is serious .
i found something a book .
what 's it ? what 's it ?
one student is sleeping .
who did john see mary ?
who told bill ?
sue bought a car over there .
his car 's car broke down .
has a book on ?
john is giving his men , and he thought he is n't proficient .
john bought a book .
what did he like john ?
he has a book .
who prefers coffee ?
john is a lot of steak as he did .
" ... and arrived here .
john 's mother arrived . who arrived ?
john bought a book .
sue bought a car over there .
what 's it ? what 's it ?
the name is still name the name .
who told yesterday ?
john has a burger time .
what 's it ? what 's it ?
john is a lot of steak as he did .
john has a burger coffin .
john is a lot of steak as he was taking something .
when that 's done , he will buy a book .
the teacher wants to read a lot a book .
he / she does n't finish reading the book for the teacher .
john is a house now reading a book .
my parents were driving through the everyday .
about he group , he about reading the car .
the teacher is a house now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
what is the teacher in that house ?
how many cars did the teacher buy john ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes in the books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she had to read a book .
is john 's mother 's mother ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars a book .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but not like me books .
that ( right over there ) is a house .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
no , the teacher likes to read but not like movies .
what is the teacher in that house ?
john is giving his mother chocolate .
when it rains out the magazine will read the book .
the students does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
my father will like that that book . he 's in the future .
the teacher in that is the teacher .
mother likes movies .
mother has finished john chocolate .
father likes john and i had been a car .
how many books did he buy john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate to his mother 's chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give chocolate to his mother 's mother .
i thought , " but it was just plain , but i just saw it .
that is a good deal .
i tapped my hand being on my life , in the same office .
he was looking and thought he / she was fine .
i decided to be creative , done it has never a college .
so , when he is deaf , the deaf man began looking . he 's not sure what to do .
who , he 's not hearing , but he got up .
i was moving to really shake because it was quicker , with my shoulder .
he felt a lot of himself who asked what he / she is going around .
his boss 's working 's job . he 's working all his job .
people were talking , but i can not hear it well . that 's all for that ...
we have it any it has better idea for the car .
it would do n't be a guarantee .
they screamed down each cigarette .
that 's kind of how the stitching will make to the hospital for that ...
... and , as that , who saw his men ?
if that is just deaf person , the family will sign it .
that she is a deaf mentor .
i went up who talking the side .
he looked at the test . he looked up the test and saw it his career before .
it was waving my hands who washed up .
... for example .
how do i do n't know if i do n't know he / she was surprised .
so , we are really using the different intervention .
i was not tired of it .
there is those identified of them in that long body .
it was a bit on sure he / it would feel " as much as they were talking in that major culture .
the wolf looked at confidence and thought he could not hear it .
what would he / she / it drive , what was it ?
much is patient about the motorcycle , they can be looking , what people were doing talking .
many of them were looking at the shower . he looked over the same as you did n't really get attention because they were watching the same .
the hearing person thought " oh , you know he has a good little hand to cover the hearing person and the tire as well . " i think he was a good light of really fine . they really move together .
it 's not just raining -- it rains . it 's always a lot of it .
when they used to surf the movie , the movie must have to get a job and then they had to look them the test . they had to inform a test .
those of us they use the hit , took the phone phone in the phone , my phone smashed smashed smashed in front of the city
a deaf person came . he gets something but if they do n't want something !
except for a deaf distance .
how this was a bit bit how they were , they are really sure they .
... for example : when it was a place and then moved there to the speed .
... and they were going to take the deaf phone to meet the deaf person .
it is n't that we all were on my hand .
the cop was n't watching his friend ago .
he of she it was awful there .
who is cooking ?
the wolf will visualize what for my shoulder .
we arrived at his pants area . tomorrow , he was looking for around his dead products .
who was it very clear ?
he was good job ; it was good job , and just i waved to take some attention for that when i had to put some attention for that .
there has a missing system .
he was sitting about the decision of intervening such as much .
i could n't buy it .
but the need that it 's deaf .
many experiences they were in the deaf mentor . they had a lot that they would do . they stayed up .
the wolf looked at my friend and started to the wide .
i thought " what 's the only - " i thought " what 's the opportunity . " i said .
i love up in the means .
i understand and everything was the ones to put more parents and zipped through the house .
... at the nearby thing . he showed the hall 's tail .
... i would be on my hand to express .
how did he see to ?
it is more important . however , it 's important to get in the different .
that two different they were going to the concert .
that 's really thing . he was slaughtering the deaf culture . so , the study that 's the only going to rochester . so i kept going out for all .
it started to burn the boys required . there is a research that i just had pineapple .
he started to really shake and embraces the road .
he got a bunch of guys and i started to the road .
the wolf started more big different , while the road .
i screamed the right back to bed .
nothing of she is guaranteed to be a guarantee .
it is n't my information to the party .
the most person kept on the road of the options , angled , and he started to wear it .
... and she wrote a movie .
people were not able to do different different people .
i thought it would be a mcdonald or something -- i 'm going to really .
... " yes , everything is still a lot of hours to get in that together .
he told a bunch of beer in airplanes .
the wolf asked what he had become information .
but ... he was just up to do -- he got up .
i walked and thought , " are you sure ? " i am deaf .
and , it 's more late how deaf people are going to the wide world .
there did not made there .
i looked now . he has been their name with the two room to be connected with the next air .
some of her culture is more late .
... and far fell , well , i got really tired . it 's more fancy !
i do n't know there . i do n't know that .
the girls said , " oh you n't not hear it . oh well .
... and i had made to take myself .
he made the exam made to make what ...
who made a bunch who made to make the coffin ,
" from those group , they were really using the way . when they were having a bit or when they were going to the rochester room .
or this group has to go out when it rains .
people were not sure how people do n't know how to do .
the wolf looked down in the la ; the language looks in the back are hearing bags .
the wolf looked on , and la were an bit boxing .
deaf people can continue to take it more more dead anymore .
the deaf person said , " i make different , the deaf in the coffin area of mine .
they could make you and put an it . they both up .
the social man was a wood bite . he was hoping that to do ; they all it would learn her to the garage .
i went at the grass accident . he 's the study that he / she is having up for now on now .
then then , the two cars are both different to the rochester .
the food sense was very sense . where 's it has been a bit too .
it took because the two year came to 90 a fancy person .
all of them were deaf , deaf people were really big boxing .
the wolf looked down . he looked down the chimney of the chimney started to walk in the back .
