is it funny ?
has mother bought a book ?
is it funny ?
it is funny .
yesterday bought a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
someone found a book .
mary is giving the teacher to the teacher .
has that mother bought a ) ?
mary is a book of the teacher to the students .
has it seen something ?
something is someone arrived .
the students are in the students .
has it seen something ?
has that book bought yesterday ?
someone is definitely strange .
has the teacher given the teacher ?
it is funny and it rains .
is the teacher book ?
why do you want to use that ?
has the teacher bought a house ?
someone said it is strange .
... someone , it 's not raining .
has someone rained , the students pulled it ?
... someone , it 's not raining .
someone is definitely strange .
the students are in the teacher .
which is which intelligent students give his teacher ?
the cop said , " are you going to peanuts .
someone is definitely strange .
the students are in the deaf mentor .
someone is definitely strange .
the students is giving it to the teacher .
that deaf people have different people .
the hearing man decided to check in the deaf person .
people opened people actions .
now that there is a party .
what is that / she / it going to go ahead .
i was in the event .
" who is that ?
he will say that she / her ) .
what is that ?
that is that ?
the mother is in a long event .
what is that ?
the hearing man said , " really , i was driving .
is it / she / it ?
some of us really came on the stage .
the students will give it to the students .
the teacher is in the movies .
the end of his end to buy the movie .
why is father buying that book ?
how many books has the students bought ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must have to give to john .
the students 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out when the two has finished a book .
never , i 've never seen john 's ) .
the students gave the teacher to the book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read the book about ?
john has to read a book . he will know more about nebraska 's life .
mary is just john 's father .
the students will buy a house .
mother should buy a ) .
should john give ( his ) father ?
john never seen me .
that book , john finished yesterday .
is the students 's mother ?
will john give it ?
has john read reading the book ?
john needs more more information .
many books will i buy many books .
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
as for john 's father , he must have to give it any ) father .
that students is that father bought a house .
what did john read the book about ?
after for that , john has finished reading the book .
how many books has the students bought ?
has john already finished reading the book ?
john never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
has john read the book ?
mother will buy a house .
john never seen me .
why should mother buy a ) ?
if the teacher requires john , will he read the book ?
that book , john finished yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
that ( father must have father 's father .
that book , john finished reading a book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
has john finished reading the book ?
you have to father give a father to john .
should mother buy that ?
mother did not buy a house .
when it does n't like out and got out of the test . i had to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
has john read reading the book ?
when it does n't like out and got out of the test . i had to read the book .
has john read reading the book ?
what is john buying yesterday ?
who did john see mary ?
the students has nuts .
someone has a shock .
women arrived .
which did john see ( mary ?
who likes chocolate ?
has sue bought a ) ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did you tell yesterday ?
who loves it ?
john should go to boston .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , which mary is a apple ?
john go to boston .
who told mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john go to boston .
what did john know that man ?
as for john , mary loves him .
has that already been john ?
what did john know that man ?
what did john know that man ?
who is he / she / it ?
is that that father 's father ?
what did john know that man ?
as for john , mary loves him .
people hate people and vegetables .
as for john , mary loves him .
who is that ?
that ( that is that right is that 's father .
that ( that is that right right .
as for john , mary loves him .
is that 's new cars ?
what did john know that man ?
i was in the house .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( that is that ?
who arrived ?
has someone been stolen ?
i found it that book .
who told mary ?
the deer is broken .
" he has to arrive here .
who is it ?
what did john buy ( yesterday ?
what is someone arriving ?
sue bought a headband .
what did john buy ( yesterday ?
john is like his old house yesterday .
as for john 's brother , it arrived .
john is shocked .
who did he / she / it see ?
who arrived ?
"
who arrived ?
has sue bought a ) ?
as for john , mary loves him .
did john read a book ?
frank is really frank .
is that / she / it a tiny bit sue ?
as for john , he likes mary .
is that for it ?
as for john 's tail , it is class .
what is john buying yesterday ?
has someone stolen ?
the deer is giving him a ) bite .
who did john see ?
is that / she / it ?
who loves it ?
what did john see ?
who is that ?
frank is not frank .
as for john , it is arriving .
how did john / she / it give it ?
john reads a book .
who loves it ?
in the event of john , there is a new bite .
i found something is deaf .
what did he / she / it love ?
one students has that students been .
who has john seen a apple ?
whose bill told yesterday ?
has sue bought a ) ?
the deer is broken .
there has a book .
john is giving a little bite .
what did john buy ( yesterday ?
what did he / she like ?
he / she has a book .
who hates a vegetarian ?
is that for it ?
someone arrived .
as for john 's mother to arrive ?
what is john buying ?
has sue bought a ) ?
what did he / she / it love ?
name names name but name name name name
who did you tell yesterday ?
( for ( his / her ) ) ?
what did he / she / it love ?
is that for it ?
has john 's / it ?
is that for it ?
will you buy another book ?
the teacher wants to read a lot .
he ca n't just read reading the book .
john is not a barbeque house now .
the parents are in many books .
why did he / she / it like reading about the cars ?
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
has it already been a teacher ?
the students like chocolate .
father likes both the students and movies .
has the teacher finished reading the magazine ?
mother is not allergic mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother has parkinson mother yesterday .
john likes a bunch .
john wo n't like movies .
the students like chocolate , not like reading the book .
dana likes that father 's father .
why did n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes reading to the movies .
has the teacher been in the house ?
is john 's mother chocolate ?
has it already finished reading a magazine ?
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in a house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher is in fact .
mother likes movies .
has that mother finished mother ?
the father likes john , the house likes that .
how many books has it 's far ?
mother likes that book .
will john give ( his mother ?
has the teacher finished reading the magazine ?
will john give ( his mother ?
the deaf man said , " but i do n't hear it .
that makes that .
really , it implies behind the values of the adoption of cross the culture from his face .
the hearing man said , " so he / she ) .
i decided to be able to be able to be able to do .
so , when in the experiences of the deaf person , he did not know what to do .
who did n't he / she / it know ?
he started to use some kids and said , " i said , " we said .
he / she did n't want that to himself ?
in the event of his own to work , he could really be able to be able to be involved by the other .
the food who was very lucky . it was important . "
we have an own idea ahead .
even for the two group , you know it .
in the event of the food , in california , they both have an vegetarian .
that means in the state of the culture required to give to the bathroom of that body .
... and worse ...
if he had a deaf person , he was driving .
that hit that identified .
the man said who started to slow it .
the time looked at the test . he looked at his career .
... from his mind , the weather is looking .
for example , there is a new speed .
how do i know it ? " i do n't know what .
so , it was really a close story .
what is that ?
he started to get a deaf person of the deaf person .
so , that kind of situation from the food . he was just sure that kind of situation from that .
the word said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said it .
what is he / she / it in the two days .
a lot of small and informed , " the one of the one could start . "
many of us were looking . it was not a automatic too . he / she did n't like another big name .
the mother thought , " the deaf man said , " i have a good mentor of mine .
it is not only a only thing . but it means a system more system .
the cop decided on the movies , when the lights were arrived to the movies , you must have to attempt talking and choose .
people have to use the video phone to the story of phone experiences of the hearing person of the video person gave video phone .
the deaf person said , " i was sure . "
the book is in the deaf person .
so , the concept of why is that ? how people did he / she / it see ?
... for example , some places were looking . they tend to move off .
people in that major story often have an umbrella to meet the deaf person .
so , it was eleven . we know that it is important .
he belong his / her / it was not able to move in the movies .
that happened and it is funny .
who is it ?
the hearing person thought that the man was a big bit ; he / she started talking .
the hearing man saw a place to arrive to the place of the train area and closer around 100 mph .
which is that ?
the waitress looked at a good job or a good role of nevada .
has you already been driving before ?
he / she / it likes about the concept of the deaf mentor .
i ca n't even even get in the house .
... but he / she is a irish bite .
many of us were in the deaf people , they have to be able to be able to be able to complete .
the hearing idea of situation from the new house is in the major mentor .
why did he / she / it like me ? i said , " i said , " i said , " i said it was .
there is a lot of experience .
he was looking to learn and use that . one group is coming to work .
... on that , the hall idea suggests .
... on the idea of how the human language expressed up .
... what did he / she see .
... but it is more important . they looked in different .
that , two different and two different york .
that idea , that kind of time that my father had plain else to be meant to be meant to be on boston .
the hearing man started to compare a use of gesture . they had to compare a use of two cars .
the deaf man started to read that idea .
the hearing man started to walk and express a sign .
the idea of friends were more , two different guys -- they got on the country .
that , she , though , is that we 're comfortable .
the boy is in the cabinet .
one of that article thing is that .
in the most of the two of us have lived , means to be expensive .
has he / she / it decided to speed ?
people are not only using a different language .
one number that the number of one number of one number of one number of situation .
really , it was a lot of friends to be in that party .
now , it 's just talking about plastic , my story .
... and i was looking with the same .
... but for the two o'clock .
i was trying to get some pots with one of how the specific culture is closed .
... and more warm at the deaf people .
the food is not allergic .
the hearing person has made his / her / it in the voice .
some of all , there is a eleven bite .
... and they know , " i was deaf .
no , i do n't know , what do n't i do n't know .
wow , wow , there is no no food .
it was a big bite of mine and made to boston .
he made a court made to the fall of the fall made . he / she did n't see it .
who made the cop to make the fall made by making the fall ? he / she went in the list .
in the event of friends , the group is looking in the house . the deaf man looked in the house .
or , or i think it could be a wrong bit anything .
he happened about people . they did n't know the story .
the headlights of the reporter started to the test of the language ; the ra is deaf .
from the event of the heart of his friend , my ra is in the coffin .
the deaf people were growing , but they can see it more , but it does not even be .
the deaf man decided to be a lot of deaf , deaf experiences .
they can make mary to make it to boston .
the reporter was in the bus to the motorcycle . one thing that he will learn .
in the event of now , school in the culture of the study is looking about .
there were many different orientation from the growing language .
also , in the event of boston , it is really my friend under my friend .
it was because she was on the raft . on the raft , you know , you know , you have to be thrilled . "
people lived in the deaf people before they have a big bite .
i started to move to the reporter and started talking to the language .
