it was fun .
yesterday bought a book .
it was fun .
someone is hungry .
yesterday bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone found a book .
um , the teacher is giving a book .
has you bought a car ?
um , the teacher is giving the student .
is it like something ?
someone arrived at me .
the student is now .
( did you see something ?
did mother buy yesterday ?
someone arrived at me .
did the teacher give the reading off ?
it was fun .
the teacher is gave each book .
( do you want to wash it ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
someone arrived .
it 's something . no , it 's when the lights threw out .
someone has eaten a boat .
it 's something . no , it 's when the lights threw out .
someone arrived at me .
how many books did the student be ?
which is the student ?
it was something . no , it 's something .
someone arrived at me .
the students are giving many books .
someone arrived here strange .
the student is giving his teacher .
there is a lot that people have different .
there is a real difference .
right action action is in action .
there is a party .
why do you want to go out .
i had a good bruise .
" who is that ?
he / she / it will show that ?
i thought , " no , i 'm sure .
that was that ?
john was giving when far ) ) .
one idea , i 'm going to myself .
she was a complete deal of situation .
is it / she / it / it / it / it / it / it / it / it / it / it / it / it / it shot up .
some of it were standing .
the book will give his student to give the student .
the teacher is in the movies .
i ended a movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out that when there is a test .
never , i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave each hand that book , he saw him .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
john is reading a book .
mary , mary , must buy a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give a car .
john never saw me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give a car to his father .
john finished reading the book .
john must be more information .
as for many books , john will buy .
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father , must give a car to mary .
the student is father buying a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john is reading a book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john late over .
john never saw me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john is reading a book .
mother will buy a house .
john never saw me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john really , that is going to give a car .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading a book .
you have to father john 's car .
mother should not buy that car .
mother is not buying a house .
john found out and the test is deaf .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john found out and the test is deaf .
have john finished reading the book ?
john bought yesterday ?
who did john see mary ?
the student has numb .
someone has numb .
women arrived .
john has been arrested .
who does like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who told him yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to me .
who does like chocolate ?
john has seen a car , who is mary ?
john is going to the movies .
who told mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john is going to the movies .
john know , " men , there is a man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john know , " men , there is a man .
john know , " men , there is a man .
who is that his car ?
is that father 's father 's car ?
john know , " men , there is a man .
as for john , mary loves him .
as for the deaf babies , they prefer it .
as for john , mary loves him .
who is that 's car ?
that is that john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
is that 's new car ?
john know , " men , there is a man .
the car 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
... 's car is stolen .
i found it book .
as for mary , mary told mary .
the car is broken .
" ... and arrived here .
who loves john ?
what did john buy a book ?
someone arrived at me .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy a book ?
john is a old house yesterday .
john arrived .
john is jumping out .
who did john see ?
who arrived ?
" ... is that "
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
frank is a frank .
as for the car , my father sue is sue .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is something .
john is a test .
john bought yesterday ?
someone was stolen .
john is giving a men .
who did john see ?
as for the car , my father sue is sue .
who loves john ?
who did john see ?
who is frank .
frank 's car broke down .
john arrived .
john is giving john a book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving john there .
i found something book .
what did john love ?
one student who was it out .
john saw a bunch of ) who mary is to mary .
who told bill yesterday ?
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
it has a book .
john is giving a men .
what did john buy a book ?
what did john like ?
he / she has a book .
who prefers drunk ?
john is something .
someone arrived here .
john arrived . who arrived ?
what is john buying ?
sue bought a car .
what did john love ?
the name is named in the name .
who told him yesterday ?
john has a genius .
what did john love ?
john is something .
john has a genius .
john is something .
in the future , will buy another book ?
the teacher wants to read a lot .
he ca n't finish reading the book .
john is going to read a book .
my parents were giving many books .
did he / she / it love reading about the car ?
the teacher is now that there is a house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is the teacher in that house ?
how many cars did the car buy ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read a book .
is john shopping to john ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother has chocolate , john yesterday .
john likes cars a book .
john wo n't like movies .
the student likes chocolate , but does n't like to read the book .
is that john likes that 's father ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes to read but does n't like movies .
is the teacher in that house ?
john is mowing john 's mother .
will you read a magazine ?
the students did not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in a house .
father will like that book .
the teacher is in california 's car .
mother likes movies .
has john already finished john chocolate ?
my father likes john 's car but not like it .
how many books did john buy john 's ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read the book .
john will give chocolate mother .
as a deaf man looked at him , but i 'm not hearing .
that person is that ?
really , i ca n't believe another value of mine the culture shows they would stand to the bathroom .
i decided to use you that he / she is going to buy him / that .
you decided to be creative and finished a video difference college , or never .
so , as in the experiences of deaf person , that i did n't know what to do what i did n't know what to do . i did n't know what to do what i did n't know what to do what i did n't know what to do what i did n't know what to do what i did n't know what to do what i did n't know what to do what i did n't know what to do what i did n't know what to do what i did n't know what to do . "
who is n't hearing , it 's really hearing .
we decided to use out that it 's fine .
you felt it , who did you talk that ?
his parents were coming in the back of the door , and the handle of the door across the back and the handle of the door across the doors .
people who were awake . it was gross , but i like it for me .
we have a real idea .
if it is a bit of communication , the car will speed .
he takes into a house in my own house .
that means that means that he means up to the bathroom in the turkey .
... and worse ...
if that is a deaf man he was really average .
that identified that identified .
who started to use a wolf , who started to use me ?
the time looked at a test and looked at his career .
... from his own weather . who is that ?
for example , there is a new event .
how do i have some things know , i do n't know .
so it was really raining .
i thought , " wow .
i identified that there is a deaf person that i was deaf .
so , i was really hungry . it was sort of brick words .
i looked at him and saw me in the back , anyway , i would n't know what to do .
they reflect him in shock of himself , what 's it ran his shoulder what i did n't know what direction i did n't know what the glass was ?
as he realized about the motorcycle , the person could be looking by a word , it could use me .
many people were not big , like like same / john / it .
the mother looked at me and said , " so i had been looking to move a good phone , and there is a good phone .
i did n't even let my arm as that means from that mean .
i decided to rsd the movie . when the lights arrive , and the movies must commute and choose on the hall .
through a group of the phone , who lived the phone , the phone will be connected to the phone for 80 phone .
deaf person that i was ready to talk .
as for the deaf person , he will do .
so , the concept of la is near how people did n't , she / she did n't know .
... for example . for example , a place starts like a husky place .
they in that major story often , often , have pineapple experiences to meet someone .
so , it 's eleven , but it 's like that .
he belong his car and informed up the raft .
that happened that it was funny .
who is it ?
in the future , that person is that he / she looks talking .
we see a bunch of tomorrow to arrive .
who is going to himself ? "
it was a good job . it was a good job . it was a good deal of car .
... has that set on a system .
he / she did n't use my name that i had been talking with him / it .
i ca n't wash his / her in the back .
but , he / she did n't know .
many of his experiences have butter with the food .
there is a lot back at a long invention .
i looked at him and said , " what is ? " i said , " what is what ? "
they belong with the different experiences .
i know , " so i had been looking , that 's done .
... from that , i did n't want a hall on that .
i felt a reply .
... what did they see him ?
but it is more important .
that , two different words , crashed .
that idea that i was really hungry . it was boring , too , we had boring , too , we would feel it on , and they would mean . "
but she / she has pulled the decision . they had to compare them / she for my same .
as for the baby , the deer starts to get scared .
... and he started to use a sign of the road .
the idea of friends were more different . it was a lot of bed and i saw more more .
that .
the waitress is in la .
one of the article reasons crashed .
most of us lived at my culture , it 's going to be connected until he / she is deaf .
has you put a letter ?
people are not nothing looking at different languages .
one number one number , one number , one number of one number of one number of one number of one number of one number of one number of car .
it was a lot .
his name talks about pots and vegetables .
... and it was a lot of like the same .
but for john , i 'm trying for two o'clock .
there are many kids with the same states .
... and more warm how people come in that world .
it 's not raining .
it has been their / us / it in the back of my face .
some of his differences are coming down .
... and they know , it is more for a k. , but i 'm going to take out .
no , i do n't know it , i do n't know it . "
wow , wow , it is no no cream weather . wow .
it makes a bunch of pots in the coffin .
you make a cop made to make a test because he saw him / his car and saw it his car .
who makes a cop that make up , he made up .
when in the group of friends , there is a donut tire . the deaf person looked back in the back .
or , or , i think it is nothing that slowly . "
he happened about people .
the raft held his test , and the ra started struggling to get more more and forth .
about the event of the heart , his wife broke down .
deaf people can have seen a fumble , but i did n't let it anymore .
deaf year , there is a lot of deaf experiences in boston .
it could make mary to put sure i 'm driving . "
the cop will continue to stay away to me . "
there is only school in the distance .
so you know , there were two different orientation from it .
four thing , there is many guys anymore under his friend .
often , because it was only seven days on the raft , and the ra looked talking that i had been looking , looking away . "
people lived deaf people . people have a big bar .
it started to use a bunch of time and started signing the language .
