someone called the car .
yesterday bought a book , mother bought a book .
someone called the car .
someone reached .
yesterday bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
um , the teacher gave ( a book .
did the student already buy a car ?
no , that book , the teacher gave ( the student ) gave to the student .
did it / she see something ?
someone do n't arrive what to do .
the students are now looking .
( did it like something ?
did the book buy yesterday ?
someone is definitely strange .
after the teacher , the teacher gave ( a book .
why would someone show the car ?
the teacher is going fishing .
why do you want to wash far ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
someone was okay strange .
why would someone show the car ? they pulled out looking for their stomach .
someone was watching the boat .
why would someone show the car ? they pulled out looking for their stomach .
someone is definitely strange .
in that book , the students are giving a book .
what 's the students give the student ?
the hearing man was planning to burn the car .
someone is definitely strange .
the students are in how the students ) bought down .
someone strange here , and arrived here .
the students give out the book .
in la , the deaf child is deaf .
there is a big difference of involved both the deaf person .
people often were in a long education .
now he 's going together and goes together .
she was born ahead .
i had a big role .
" who is it ? who 's it ? "
as for the end of situation , he / she will stop .
" one , that 's wrong .. "
" that 's kind of wymoning , " and then clear .
yes , he / she is really a winner game .
one idea , there is some errands ...
there was a full deal of cohesiveness " .
he / she / it shot it .
some of us were driving in the end of hours and it was bleeding .
the book will give ( his ) student a book .
the teacher is in the movie .
as he / she did n't finish a movie , he / she will buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give ( he / she ) .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out there were a test , he will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
as for the student , the teacher gave to the teacher , he / she did .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father is john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a ) car .
john never saw me 's car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) car .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
as for many books , john will buy him to buy .
do mom read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father that ( he ) is giving a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john 's president , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john late finished reading the book .
john never saw me 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john never saw me 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give ( mary ) is to give it .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father have to father give ( his ) car .
mother should not have bought the turkey .
mother does not buy a house .
if john finds out that i 'm deaf , we have to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
if john finds out that i 'm deaf , we have to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did john see mary ?
the students have imagined .
someone students a trip .
...
john used to see , mary 's ?
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought ( a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who told mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go to a movie .
who likes chocolate ?
john did n't see that , who is mary ?
john is going to san york .
who drives mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john is going to san york .
john knows that the man is in the he .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows that the man is in the he .
john knows that the man is in the he .
who is that ?
is that father 's father 's car ?
john knows that the man is in the he .
john loves mary .
people are visits in the same office .
john loves ( it ) .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john , with mary , mary loves him .
that 's the new car 's car .
john knows that the man is in the he .
the car 's storm .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car was stolen .
i found it book .
who drives mary ?
the car 's car is broken .
" nah , that ... "
who does john loves ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
the deaf man arrived .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
john 's old house yesterday .
john 's brother arrived .
john was excited .
who is he / she waiting to ?
who arrived ?
" nah .... here ...
who arrived ?
sue bought ( a car .
as for john , mary loves ( him ) .
john read a book .
i was frank . as i was broken , the car 's car .
as for the car , my car got sue .
as for john , he likes mary .
john has been a book .
john 's wife 's car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone was stolen .
john is giving the men vibrating .
who did john see ?
as for that car , i have been a car .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who is it that just book ?
i was disappointed 's car . it 's car .
john brother arrived .
john did n't give his men in the book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john has to give out of the man , and he was new .
i find something in a book ...
what 's what 's john loves ?
one student who was dinner a student .
john who saw a bunch .
who told bill yesterday ?
sue bought ( a car .
the car 's car is broken .
does someone have a book ?
john gave out of the man , the man is giving a new headache .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john like ? oh , he likes john .
she / she has a book .
who are the boys favorite ?
john has been a book .
someone arrived here .
john 's mother arrived . who 's mom arrived .
what 's how a book ?
sue bought ( a car .
what 's what 's john loves ?
the name will name the name .
who told mary ?
john has a genius .
what 's what 's john loves ?
john has been a book .
john has a genius .
john has been sick or something .
will you buy another book ?
the teacher wants that book .
does he / she ca n't finish reading books or give him the teacher ?
john is going to fail now .
my parents got in ; the book .
did he / she / it love reading about the car ?
the teacher is going to the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
he / she is in the house right in the house .
how many cars did the car 's give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now reading a book .
is dad 's mother 's mother 's mother 's .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother bought chocolate and yesterday .
john likes cars in a book .
john will not like movies .
the student likes chocolate , but does n't like reading books .
john likes chocolate father .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes to read but not like movies .
the teacher finished in the house .
john is giving john 's mother .
when that 's near the magazine , he will read the book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book .
the teacher is in california .
mom likes movies .
has mother already finished with john chocolate ?
my father likes john 's car . no , he did not like that .
how many books did john give john 's ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate , he 's going to give chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read the book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
the deaf man looked at my friend and asked , " are you hearing , too . "
" that ? he is looking forward , some ' today .
people ca n't rely behind the values of mine and shows of the culture , and he shows up the back of the car .
the car looked at him and said , " so he is so watching you that .
it could not rain , so we have to college by college , or never college .
so when in the deaf man , the deaf man met to the deer . i did n't know what to do .
who was it ? oh , who 's that ?
when i think i mean i mean that i mean that i should be tougher . it 's fine , and it 's fine .
car felt before . who he / she was about that , he / she is perfectly ...
his parents were doing in relief . his parents 's really dry while they would say to the other drivers in the same 's clip .
people who were rowing , but i was sorry . " he asks himself .
we had an choice of friends supporting us on .
thirdly , it 's not a decision .
in the event of car , in california , they ca n't like that away .
the study shows that the deaf man is planning to give to the hospital for that of the turkey was coming on the dorms .
" for the leaves , who 's saw the house , he saw up the house , who saw him / her ) see that .
if that was the deaf man turned , he will still be average .
it was he passed that book .
who was the man who started to wash the reporter ?
the time came at the test ; the test did n't learn . they looked at the same .
it 's from the pond from their own weather .
for example , there is a new weather event .
why do i was surprised ? i do n't know " why do n't i have ? "
so , yes , it 's a strong story .
there was no different .
we decided to check in the deaf mentor , in the deaf mentor , it was an deaf , but the word move .
it was very big , but he was real and started talking of connection " .
the weather said , " i know , what if i was watching the deer . we ca n't hear it .
in the event of the car , i ca n't like in the back of time .
as the lot of course , i thought about people , they can say " as best , a deaf role of the car and the social person was still .
many of us were doing in the same , they do n't realize as in la , the family did n't drive about it .
we do n't know , the deaf man was in la , well , something is a good job , and the tire is going to buy a video clip .
... not just . the deaf thing thing i wo n't be able to be more socialized .
it would realize til when we arrive on a pond , / time , you must be an attempt to feed the movie . i must be an attempt to celebrate , and change on the engine .
people who were who talking a phone , and a story of phone and a story of the phone , sunny phone phone phone .
the deaf man came at the deaf mentor . if that 's someone , a lot of ...
except when the deaf man is in the deaf person
in the event of friends often , they 're together .
... for example , there were a place . we tend to use a sign of hours , and tend to use him .
people would mind into that , they have an umbrella on that .
... so that 's kind of wymoning , right down , it 's an automatic man .
they belong . the car 's looked in the movie ; it was an donut tire . he / she was hungry , looking in the border .
while that happens , they 're alright . there 's two of us .
who are my parents ?
the wolf will be watching the big man was worried . he was talking back in the back .
the wolf saw a bunch of tomorrow , " a motorcycle , and looks to be looking for 100 shoulder , and i 'm ready to catch by the car .
who is going to ?
it was the donut group . it 's good , but i waved at the talks for talking you to use by a bit .
we would have finished before in the system .
it was the donut group came about a eye .
it ca n't even have a car as in the group 's word .
he / she did n't decorate that it / she was going to wave down .
many of us were in the deaf mentor in la , they have an education with the food .
there would be a big role in the family . it 's the social man in the coffin and thought , " wow , i 'm going out .
it was the same man came to me . i said , " no , no ... "
they show with the different experiences .
i have to admit that i was in the deaf mentor in la , they used to walk in the dorms .
... from that , the hall is from that .
the car was on the raft .
... what 's how way up ?
it was more important to move in different addicts .
the wolf was going from , what two different dollars .
in la , the study was really lazy anymore . when so , they have parkinson set to interpret , and put on it .
but , let 's friend , mike have cracked , what had ever ever had to pull information , so another group has to pull me .
as for utah , the man turned off the road .
we would enjoy flowers on the road at the road .
the idea was more and two different things . it was a total of fun and then saw more southern systems , and they enjoy off .
there is an lot of beer of that drop of that drop of nyc .
in la , the baby is broken .
one of the article wow , that article thing i could n't be able to last .
one of the most man was in the deaf culture 's and , they 're going to jamaica .
has he / she / it been reading , he / she wrote .
people mingling together ,
people would say one number of one number of one number of car was in same , he 's still 5'6 , but another group was skidding .
there was a lot of friends as i was in la , they were a total of connection .
now , it 's about tv , and i do n't know about interstate , they do n't .
... and he was looking at the same .
( for the nearby , the man has been stolen , two ) .
now , i was trying to wash the sack , louder , what was how the group was going on .
and , more friendly , they 're in that world .
there 's no rain .
it 's the same man / it . one group has been connected by the news .
people are not the third accident . they both had a hard man .
... and called it more calmly . i was trying to take out of the car .
i did n't know if i do n't know it , i do n't know ...
wow , wow , it 's not like delicious . wow , it 's delicious .
i looked with the raft . it looked upstairs for the covers .
the study made the party made of , but if he saw the fall , he asks out of the coffin , and he / she was going up .
who made the cop go by , he made up , and he / she was in the list of the family .
when in utah , the child feels in food markets , stopping in the same . the wolf feels celebrating in the back , and they join out in the back .
or
they think about people , but they do n't know the story , and the raft would n't know about that .
the raft started to vp in the language 's face of the parents , and vegetables , etc .
about the nearby , the one of his child is broken . it had been an honor , i thought , they noticed him .
the deaf people are going to grow in the cop , well not anyway .
the deaf seven year , we have different people , experiences , counselor , and people show that hard .
of all , i can make two bags . it was a close list of car .
the cop will realize to attack because the parents want to learn in boston .
in the past , in boston , they 're in the culture in la , it 's a study .
i would look to myself in the fall ,
people know , there is many things anymore for his friend in his stomach .
the wolf takes on a pond . it was a donut tire of car , and they looked back by and started talking on .
people lived in a deaf school . it was a big bar if they were really big .
i flew the cover to the time of time and started signing to the language .
