did someone arrive to bed , he 's excited .
yesterday bought a book .
did someone arrive to bed , he 's excited .
someone expected at the boat .
yesterday bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
um , the teacher gave the book , but he has been looking by the book .
did the student 's student buy a car ?
um , the teacher gave the student gave the student .
did it / she see something ?
someone said , " no .... "
the students are now excited .
( did it / she see something ?
did the book mother buy yesterday ?
someone said , " no .... "
did the teacher give the book that student ?
someone will wave the car , and it 's all .
the teacher is gave them a ticket .
if you want to keep you , he wanted to keep it .
did the teacher buy a house ?
someone arrived at it and arrived something .
someone expected , " i will go to bed . "
someone got toward the boat , and went to the wood house .
someone expected , " i will go to bed . "
someone said , " no .... "
the students are giving the students into the teacher .
which book did the student give his teacher ?
the cop said , " i will go to bed .
someone said , " no .... "
the student is that book .
" someone is definitely strange , it 's something .
the students are giving the book , but the teacher did .
in the deaf , people have different things , right now
there is a decision that we had a deaf or a deaf or something .
people used to feel people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people people
he looked together but he is going to have a party .
he / she / it will go ahead and go ahead ' coffee .
i had a fluent role .
" who is it that 's car ?
as for the decision , he decided that show him / her / it ...
" i was confused , i 'm not excited of it .
" that 's kind of ? " he said , " i said , ...
john was giving when the baby ) is coming up .
really , i 'm going to himself ...
she was a full deal of who was driving .
is it / she / it anymore ?
some of all seem on the stage and said , " we said , ...
the book will give the student off the road .
the teacher is in the movie now .
he / she looked at the movie and buying a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student give him ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out there were a test , he will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car never seen john 's car .
the student gave him that book , but he / she did .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary is n't john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give a car , he should give a car .
as for john 's car , i have never seen me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give a car , he 's father .
john finished reading the book .
john must not have more information .
as for many books , john will buy him many books .
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car , he / she is to give it car .
which did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book ?
after class , john 's only finished reading the book .
how many books did the student give him ?
john late and finished reading the book .
as for john 's car , i have never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read that book ?
mother will buy a house .
as for john 's car , i have never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john really , i must give a car , he / she is to give it car .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father must give the car to john because john did .
mother should not have bought that car .
mother did not buy a house .
when john finds out there , and i have to read the book . he has to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there , and i have to read the book . he has to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what is john buying yesterday ?
who did john see mary ?
the students has parkinson .
someone has sick students .
" he arrived ...
as for john , he saw him an apple .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car , i was up .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for you / you told yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the movies .
who likes chocolate ?
john saw the car , but mary is who mary .
john will go to a movie .
who tells him ?
who did john see mary ?
john will go to a movie .
john knows there was a man that is it ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that car is that john 's car .
john knows there was a man that is it ?
john knows there was a man that is it ?
whose car is that ?
is that that 's father car ?
john knows there was a man that is it ?
as for john , mary loves him .
as for the deaf babies , people prefer it .
as for john , mary loves him .
that car is that car ?
that 's that john is car 's car .
that ( right over there is a car 's car .
as for john , mary loves him that .
is that 's car car ?
john knows there was a man that is it ?
the car 's storm is car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that car is that john 's car .
who arrived ?
no car was stolen .
i found the book that book .
as for john , who tells him ?
the car 's car broke down .
" nah ... " " he said , " he said , " he said . "
who does john love ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone arrived at it and arrived .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
john , 's old , shot yesterday .
john 's brother arrived .
john watches out .
who did john see that ?
who arrived ?
" he said "
who arrived ?
sue bought a car , i was up .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
a frank car is broken .
as for john , my car is sue .
as for john , he likes mary .
john has been a book , he has been a book .
john 's trip is class .
what is john buying yesterday ?
no car was stolen .
john is giving the men that the glass was whipping .
who did john see ?
as for the car , my car is a car .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who is it 's book ?
frank 's car broke down .
john brother arrived .
john gave his men that hospitals been giving him books .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the men that the glass was giving a new shirt .
i found something book .
what did john love ?
how did the student be fun by ?
as for john , he saw him an apple .
as for bill yesterday , who sent bill ?
sue bought a car , i was up .
the car 's car broke down .
it had a book .
john gave his men that the men had been lazy .
what did john buy yesterday ?
" what did john like ? oh he likes ?
he / she has a book .
who prefers drunk before ?
john has been a book , he has been a book .
" someone arrived here here
john 's mother arrived .
what is john buying ?
sue bought a car , i was up .
what did john love ?
the name will name but the name model .
as for you / you told yesterday ?
john has a genius .
what did john love ?
john has been a book , he has been a book .
john has a car 's car .
john has been a book , he has been a book .
will you buy another book ?
the teacher wants to read a lot of lot .
he left reading the book and gave it to the teacher .
john is going to read the book now .
my parents got in the book , it 's time .
did he / she / it love reading about the car ?
the teacher is that right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is the teacher in that house ?
how many cars did the car 's car ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both the book and movies .
the teacher read reading the magazine now now read the book .
is he / john 's mother 's mother ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother bought chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars a book .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate , but does n't like to read books books .
no , john likes that father , he saw that car .
why did n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes to read but does n't like movies ?
the teacher is in the house .
john 's car is jane 's mother .
when the food has been reading , you will read the book .
the students did not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book future .
the teacher is in the car in the car .
mother likes movies .
has that already finished reading , john 's friend .
no , i like john 's car but he did n't .
how many books did john give it ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate to her mother .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read the book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
the deaf man looked at him and said , " i 'm not hearing , it 's too .
" that is that ?
he ca n't believe behind the values of heights and looks in the culture 's face .
the wolf looked at him and said , " so he / she is just hearing .
you decided to be decided to be disappointed , so we can have a college , he 's not college .
while in to example of deaf person , he knew it but i did n't know what to do it i do n't know what to do it i did n't know what to do it i did n't know what to do .
who did n't you know , it was because she was ? ?
we decided to use some pigs , and said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said . that 's fine .
you felt before the la , who did he talks that ?
the parents would wave his parents 's work . it 's all much had been the same boat , and the old person started to get on the same 's body .
people were okay , but they would n't know what was it ? "
we had a choice of the idea that he means meant .
if it had a choice of communication , it 's your word .
he took in a house , it 's even a blue house .
that 's because the group means to give you an ride because he is looking to catch me in the back .
" he got to get scared , who saw him / her saw him / her / it ...
if that is a deaf man of the person , he will have a total , he 's sad .
he said that identified until he is deaf .
who looked out of the wolf who started to catch it ?
the time started to be trained , but he looked at the same .
he / she is from his own weather . who 's it ?
for example , i decided to use some speed .
how i was surprised about it , i do n't know .
so before , i had a better story , it was just a deep story .
i was different , wow .
he identified that there was a deaf man of the still body and looks talking of the word
so , it was a bit trip ; he would say and be a lot of fun about people . wow .
i looked at him and they know what he should be able to keep him an word afterwards .
he pushed the cover back in the back of my body ?
as a lot of me , as he could use me that 's people can use me to keep the parents 's car .
many of the friends were looking , but they just would n't chat for that ; it 's how just do it buy me for ?
we had a person of guys and looked to be a good lot of the phone , and looked to meet a good phone of the phone and a tire .
i did n't even let my arm because it means from a system .
i decided to fix the movie when it was a honor of the movie when it was all a total of the exam , and i needed to celebrate some of the movies .
they had to use the phone often and a story of phone , the phone , and a half of the phone of the phone all of a phone phone .
the deaf person said , " he should have a deaf person , if he got ?
as for the deaf person , he will have a deaf person .
in the event of la before people crashed ?
he showed some places for example of the place and looks talking of the speed .
people in the area , and they have parkinson experiences to meet the deaf person to meet the deaf person
so , i have to admit that 's year is that ?
he belong his car and was worried . he likes to be looking by the movie .
he thought that it was eleven guys .
who is n't parents ?
the deer will visualize that he / it was worried .
the wolf said , " we 'll see to the place of the car area , and she got to be ready for 100 shoulder .
who is going to get my culture any calmly ?
it was a good job , and it was good , but it 's all a good deal of right and i got a lot of effort from them .
we would have done system system .
he would say , " i do n't know it , and he got around the house .
i ca n't realize it 's important to go in the back of my face .
" but he / she / it is going to get out , but he / she is watching him , but he / she is watching him , but he / she is watching him , but he / she is watching him , but he / she is going to ?
many of us were in the deaf states , they have to be involved with the house .
he would realize together and be a lot of connection in the back of my car and a lot of the group more much .
" i see you , " you know , i said , " what 's it ? "
they belong with the decision .
i looked at him and said , " i use him , and use many of her people in the back .
... from that car , i suggest that he / it is from the hall .
in the event of how human language breaks express my eye ?
" what did they see him ?
but it is more important to move in different o'clock ,
that warned you were different , but what were you going up on the back of my face .
that 's that kind of was boring ; it 's boring to inform or i would be ready to be on the back of nevada .
but she started to use information , i had to use them use two of the questions , " i had to pull them an bit , and then i had to use you of you .
to realize that kind of car , the road will go to the road .
he expressed the car and looked off the road .
the idea of all people were limited , and they were sad through the same , and then i saw the tire across the system .
he of she tends to be disappointed .
the only tire is that of the wolf 's glass .
one of the article reasons , and some of them do n't know .
in la , that 's the culture and gave it to make on the back of bed .
has that been that ?
people tended to get a only difference of different languages .
the wolf said , " i have one number of right one number of car and then it is still a big story .
a lot involved until i was driving in that building !
his / it just talks about pots , grabbed the story , and the story of ...
he threw out that it was the same invention .
no , for the nearby , the wolf has been looking by two o'clock .
" i was trying to get out of pots , my x - - - - speech .
... and more warm ? how is that more right at that world .
there 's no rain .
it 's the same man / it has been their / her cool with me . "
some of the third culture , and all the hospital ...
" he 's and dry , but i will have a tire , but i already decided to take out .
no , i do n't know , i do n't know it , i do n't know ...
wow . no , wow , it is a good headache . wow .
it makes a bunch of pots and made to realize it .
he made a cop made to make a test , he saw up of the coffin , and saw it his car .
who makes the cop that make up , he makes up the fall , but he / she is going to the bathroom progress .
when in event of friends , people can have been in the trunk , it 's the face that he had been looking to believe that book .
or , or , i think someone , that 's something . "
he / she happened about people were not sure of the story , and people will have to have an element of the story .
i started to realize that the language was cut to the parents that i could n't wash them that i could n't wash them that i could n't wash my injured clip .
the tapper said , " why is you guys of it . "
" deaf people can have seen it , but they can have to do it to have it anymore .
a deaf year of the deaf person shows , " deaf , deaf , deaf , and counselor .
i would make you to make you to get a difference about fifteen o'clock .
the cop said , " we will care to the parents , " that 's going to be able to be on the raft .
in the past , it 's fine , and it 's a half group about now the world 's face .
so i decided to take two different orientation from the covers language .
the sense of all the whole years is really my wife anymore .
the wolf went and got talking of the hearing person looked and looked " so i had a discussion and started talking of intervening and then i got talking of the hearing tire .
people lived deaf people before they have a big hills if it snows .
to move across the event of the time , and started signing the language .
