someone , i ca n't know , " i ca n't care .
yesterday , my mom bought a book .
someone , i ca n't know , " i ca n't care .
someone , i ca n't know , " i did n't know , " ...
yesterday , i buy a car .
john has reading the book .
someone found a book , i found the book .
no , i gave the book , i gave the book ,
yesterday , i did n't buy a car ?
no , i did n't give the students to give the students .
i saw something , i see something ?
someone , i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , "
there is a students now now .
i saw something ?
did mom buy yesterday yesterday ?
someone arrived , " i arrived ...
when did you give the book , i gave the book .
someone , i ca n't know , i ca n't know , " i ca n't know ,
the teacher is just on the teacher .
i do n't want him to work .
yesterday , i did n't buy a house yesterday .
someone , it 's not strange arrived . "
someone , i ca n't know , i ca n't know , " i ca n't know ,
someone , it 's not raining , i ca n't know , " i ca n't know ,
someone , i ca n't know , i ca n't know , " i ca n't know ,
someone arrived , " i arrived ...
the students are in the teacher in the teacher .
which is that book ?
it 's not raining , i ca n't know , " i ca n't care .
someone arrived , " i arrived ...
in the students , when does n't have the teacher ?
someone arrived here here , " i arrived here here , " i arrived here here , " i arrived here here ,
i gave the book to the teacher .
that deaf people have different people .
i noticed that kind of all both people in the deaf man .
people are using people using their information .
we all know the party in the deaf situation .
when it rains , i go ahead to it ...
i was driving , i was driving .
which did n't you drive ?
he act that he / she will go to the same house .
one of us , i 'm not happy , i will be happy .
that 's that , i did n't know , " i did n't be happy .
really , the teacher said , " really , i went up and started up .
one thing , i 'm in the deaf man .
one thing that he is not full act .
i was not scared ,
some of us got on the stage , i went up and got up ,
when it snows , school will give students to school .
there is a movie in the movie .
he ended his movie to buy the movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the students go ?
mom does n't want a house .
father must give john a car .
there 's father bought his house .
mom will buy a house .
john found out of the road , i read the book .
i never seen john 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never 's car never
the students gave the teacher , which books he did n't like him .
why must father buy the book ?
what did john read the book about ?
john reading the book , he will know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " he 's life .
john , mary 's father , i must continue the car .
there 's father will buy the house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give the car a car .
john 's car never seen me .
that book john told yesterday that book did john read yesterday that book ?
mom loves the car 's car 's car .
john will give the car in the car .
john told the book .
john must have more informed , he will read the book .
many books did john buy ?
why will mom read the book ?
when did john read the book ?
john 's father must give the car .
which is that there bought his house ?
what did john read the book about ?
after class , there has to read the book , john told the book .
how many books did the students go ?
john reading the book , when did john read the book ?
john 's car never seen me .
when did john read the book ?
did john read the book ?
mom will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy the car ?
if it requires john , he will read the book .
that book did john read yesterday yesterday ?
when did john read the book ?
john 's father must give the car .
that book did john read the book yesterday ?
mom will buy a house .
when will john read the book ?
john has reading the book .
i have to clean down , but john has to clean down .
mom should n't buy that car 's car .
mom did n't buy a house .
john found out of the test , i will read the book ,
mom will buy a house .
did john read the book ?
john found out of the test , i will read the book ,
did john read the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did john see mary ?
there has to read the students .
someone , there has to read there .
women arrive women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived women arrived
john did n't know , i ca n't know ,
who likes chocolate ?
did sue buy the car ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
i told yesterday , who mary told him ?
who loves john ?
john should go to california should go to california .
who likes chocolate ?
john did n't know , what mary loves him ?
john went to new york .
who told mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john went to new york .
john knows his men .
john loves mary loves him .
as for john , john 's car 's car 's car 's car .
john knows his men .
john knows his men .
who is that car ?
it 's father car 's car 's car ?
john knows his men .
john loves her , he loves him .
in china , the man people were sick ,
john loves him .
who 's car car ?
that john 's father 's car 's car 's car .
john 's father car car
john decided to love her to work .
its new car is n't new car .
john knows his men .
there 's car , car 's car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car , car 's car ,
john loves mary loves him .
john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car 's car , john 's car 's car 's car 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car stolen his car 's car 's car .
i find a bunch for the book .
who told mary ?
its new car broke down .
i arrived here , " i arrived here , " i arrived here ?
who loves john ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
no , someone arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived , " i arrived ...
did sue buy car ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
john old house plays yesterday every old house .
john arrived arrived arrived to arrive john arrived arrived .
john walked to speed the glass .
who did john see ?
who arrived ?
i arrived here here here here .
who arrived ?
did sue buy the car ?
john loves her to work .
john is reading the book .
frank , its new car broke down .
that car did n't sue buy the car .
john likes mary .
john did n't give someone a woman book .
john strikes the deer , but the glass was hot .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone , car was stolen .
john gave his men to work .
who did john see ?
the car did n't sue , i did n't have the car .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
yes , i ca n't know who 's his book ?
yes , his car broke down .
john arrived arrived arrived .
john gave his men in the book .
john read the book ?
who loves john ?
john decided to be a new sister .
i find something a book .
what did john love ?
one student that students did n't stay his students .
john saw the bunch , who mary did n't see him ?
he told bill who mary told him ?
did sue buy the car ?
its new car broke down .
women have a book .
john gave his men in the new york .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john like ?
he has books .
who was the reporter prefers ?
john did n't give someone a woman book .
someone arrived here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here
john arrived that mother arrived ?
what did john buy ?
did sue buy the car ?
what did john love ?
the name was name name
i told yesterday , who mary told him ?
no , i do n't know , " i do n't want to california .
what did john love ?
john did n't give someone a woman book .
john did n't have an bunch .
john did n't give someone a woman book .
i will buy another book .
does the teacher want to read ?
he could n't end he to read the book in the book .
john gave his house now to read the book .
there are many books to read every book .
he loves reading about the car about car .
there is a house in the house .
does n't like chocolate ?
in the teacher , in the house , he will give him in the house .
did john buy the teacher ?
does the students like chocolate ?
father likes both books and movie !
did the teacher read the answer now read the book ?
john did n't know her 's mother .
does n't like chocolate ?
mother loves chocolate , john yesterday , john yesterday .
john likes a car book .
john wo n't like movies .
i like chocolate , not like reading the book .
no , john like his father house , car 's car ,
why did john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like movies .
does the teacher like to read like movies ?
did the teacher in the house ?
john , john , he loves chocolate .
... i thought it was going to read the book to read the book .
there does n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher did n't in the house .
he will like that book , he will like his book .
in the teacher , in the car ,
mom likes movies .
did your mother finish john chocolate ?
he likes john a house like his car , no , not like car .
many books did john buy john ?
mom likes his book .
john will give mary to his mom .
" i read the answer , will he read the book ?
john will give chocolate mother .
i did n't know , but i did n't hear , but i did n't hear , but i hear her , but i hear her , but i hear her , but i hear her , but i hear her , but i hear her , but i hear her , but i hear her , but i hear her , i did n't hear him .
that heard that he / she did n't hear that ?
really , he implies behind the values , we know , but we mean it means in the end of time .
he looked down the transfer , so i did n't know ,
i decided to be lucky , i decided to be a good role or never a college .
so , when we can n't know , i did n't know what he did n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do n't know what to do
who , i did n't hear , but i did n't hear it ...
i would be moving , i will be lucky , we all went up ,
i did n't feel that he / she did n't talk that he / she did n't make him that he / she did n't make him that he / she did n't make him .
his wife is like his wife , but i can really care , but , but i can n't care , but , but i can n't care , but , but i can n't care , but , but , i can n't care , but , but i can n't care .
people were in the people , but we can n't know , but that hit me , but i do n't know , but i do n't know , but i do n't know , but i do n't know , but i do n't know , but i do n't know ,
we have an good idea of oral means .
even i even care , i 'm not happy .
in the reporter , i did n't know , " i did n't know , " i did n't know ,
that means that he means to study , he means to study in the end of the hearing man .
... and bad , that he did n't want her to see him , he / she did n't see him .
if it was a deaf person , it 's not raining .
why , that identified it , he identified his deaf person .
what did you notice to the water ?
the hearing man looked at the same career , but i did n't fall at the same career .
he / she was in his job , but if i did n't know ,
... for example , i went up and started up for an example ...
how i did i know i know , i know , i know , " i do n't know , i know , " i do n't know , i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i do n't know "
so , it 's really raining , it 's different people in the deaf people .
i was very big , i was very big .
in the hearing , that 's that , that 's that , i did n't want up to the hearing office ,
so , i was really looking , but i was really happy about that major culture in that major culture , they 're in that major culture , they were in that major culture ,
we know , " i know , " i know , " i did n't know , but i do n't know , but i do n't know , but they know , but i do n't know , but they know , but i do n't know , but i do n't know , but , but i do n't know , but they know , but i do n't know , but , but i do n't know ...
what did we believe in the story , i did n't drive in the fall of time .
much , i can be happy , but we can be happy , but we know , but if i did n't know ,
many of us were not going to rain , but i did n't believe , but many of us did n't believe , but many of them ,
the phone said , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i was very expensive , but they agreed , but i agreed the phone ,
but , it 's only i 'm not scared , but i did n't know , but i was in the system .
i decided to move to the movie when he arrived to the movie , but they know , they must fall to an attempt , they must fall to an attempt , but i had an attempt to move in the end ,
people were in the phone , they often to use the phone , but we ca n't know the phone ,
in the deaf person , i 'm really talking , " i did n't hear , " i did n't hear , " i did n't hear , " i did n't hear , " i did n't hear , " i did n't hear , " i did n't hear .
when i did n't hear , i did n't hear that ?
so , the concept of the story who people did n't know who people did n't know ?
... for example , some places across the world , across the world , i used to study ,
people in that major leader often have an umbrella , but we got up in the deaf people .
so , it 's not raining , i 'm going to work , but it 's another thing ,
he / she did n't match the door , he / she / hit ,
that happened , it 's nothing , it 's nothing , it 's nothing , but it 's nothing , it 's nothing , it 's nothing , well , it 's nothing , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well ,
who is that ?
i will know that he / she loves up his victim .
i saw the cop , then , i will be moving , but i 'll be moving , but , they know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , " i wo n't know , "
who is that ?
the hearing man was good , but they can know , but i can n't know , but i can n't know , but i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i do n't know , " i do n't know , " i do n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know , " i can n't know
have you given the system ?
he used about the concept , they know , " i did n't know , " i did n't know , " i did n't know , " i did n't know , " i did n't know ,
i ca n't even drive his keys through his voice .
but , he / she did n't know , it 's high good hand ,
there are many people in the deaf people , they have to walk in the fall ,
there was a good role of voice in the major office ,
i noticed the reporter , i met me , i met me , i met me , " i met me , " i met me .
the different man belong with means of ...
he said , " i said , " i said , " i use , " i use , " i use , " i use , " i use , " i use , " i use , " i use , " i did n't experience , "
no , he / she from the reporter , he thought , " no , he loves him .
how does n't i like the idea to start ?
how did n't i see ?
but , it 's not more important , it 's good ,
that two different degrees , i decided to be involved ,
that idea , i decided to be scared , but we know , but we know , " i do n't know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know , " i know
there are many of us , there has to put the use of time , it has to put the use of two o'clock , they have to commute , "
after i was driving , i did n't know , i did n't know that idea ,
he expressed the bunch , but i agreed the sign ,
really , it was more more different , there were different games , but he saw him .
that forgot me that he forgot me , but i drove that he forgot me that he forgot me that he forgot me that he forgot me that he forgot me that he forgot me .
there are no o'clock , i did n't know ,
this deaf reason , i was in the morning ,
most of us decided to be involved , i hope , i hope , " i hope , " i hope , i hope , " i hope , i hope , " i hope , " i hope , i hope , " i hope , " i hope , " i hope ,
no , i did n't know , i 'm hoping in the reporter .
people are not only talking different languages .
it was a lot of time one number of one number , but i decided to be happy ,
there are many years to get in that party .
there are not talking about me , like their keys .
the reporter said , " really , he became wrong ,
but , i did n't know , i did n't know , i did n't ...
i was in the hearing , but i was looking , but we decided to be in the deaf culture .
... and more , i did n't hear in that world .
no , mary did n't really rain .
no , i do n't know , i do n't know , i do n't know , " i do n't know ,
there are more different , but , but , but i had a range of no , but i had a range of o'clock , but i had to speed down , but , but i had a range of no , but i had to speed down , but , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but i had to speed down , but
... and , it was more weather , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i felt up , but i
no , i did n't know , i know , " i know , " i do n't know , " i do n't know , " i do n't know , " i do n't know ,
i hope , i am not scared , i was very scared , so i am very scared today , it was very beautiful , but i am very hot today , it 's beautiful , but i am very scared today , it was so we know it was very beautiful , but i am very hot today , it was very beautiful today , it was very beautiful , but i am very hot today , it 's beautiful , but i am very hot today ,
...
he makes the car made to make down in the car ,
who makes the car , that makes his court , but they went by making a court .
when in the people , in the people , when i did n't know , i did n't join their room , but i did n't join their room .
or , the hearing man said , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh , " oh ,
he happened in the people , they did n't know ,
in the deer , they were in the two of the three people , but their aunt ,
in the reporter , i let n't care in the reporter , i let n't care in the area ,
people really need to see the classroom , but but not if they do n't even even even do n't even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't even even even even even even even if they do n't
deaf , i show different deaf experiences , but they show in the deaf mentor ,
i make the reporter , i put him all , we know , " i did n't know , " i did n't know , " i did n't know ,
the social man got to get the hearing , i hope , " i hope , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i said , " i
we decided to school in the culture , we decided to study about the same in now , they decided about the world in the world ,
we decided to get two different people from growing language ,
it 's not bad , it 's really superior , it 's better , but if it rains ,
but , it 's not because we 're in the car , it 's not broken , but they were looking , but they were looking , but they were in the deaf man , they were in the deaf man , they were in the deaf man .
all of all , people are in the deaf brother , if they are in the deaf imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism , if it was very big imperialism ,
it 's raining , but we were driving to the same time ,
