someone was giving a car .
did mother buy a book ?
someone was giving a car .
someone was giving the boat ; i was eating ...
yesterday bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone found a book .
no , the teacher gave him all students .
has mother bought a car ?
no , the teacher gave him a book .
should i see something ?
has someone arrived at me ?
the student is just average .
was it seen something ?
is mother buying yesterday ?
something , strange , arrived !
did the teacher give the reading ?
someone was giving the car . the close person looked up .
the teacher is just a book .
wow , i do n't want to surf his sweetheart .
will the teacher buy a house ?
someone , yes , we arrived .
... it was n't a big time .
someone was eating and blamed him a ticket .
... it was n't a big time .
something , strange , arrived !
the teacher does n't realize at the teacher .
what is the student that book ?
i was nt and i felt on the car .
something , strange , arrived !
the student 's money did n't buy a book .
something , strange , i arrived here .
the student there is giving the book .
that deaf people have different .
i 'm sure that kind of situation with both deaf people .
what means people ?
i watched the party , " really , is that clear ?
is it going to ?
i was driving .
who is that ?
no , that is a show .
" really , is that ?
that 's the right thing that i 'm welcome .
is the girls and california 's ?
there are one one of us ...
the raft is really big !
i was a bit anymore at him .
there were many of us and went to the bathroom and said " ...
the book will give the student .
the teacher is at the movies now .
the end that he / she should buy a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out the test , finished reading the book .
i never seen john 's car never .
the student gave the teacher .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john gives the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must have a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should buy a car .
john 's car has never seen me .
that book , john finished reading that book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give him a car ?
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must to give a car .
which is the student 's father buying a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john was finished reading the book .
john 's car has never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ?
mother will buy a house .
john 's car has never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading that book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must give a car .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
i have to father give his car 's car .
mother should not buy that car .
mother does not buy a house .
if john finds out the test , we had to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john finds out the test , we had to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who is john seen ?
the students have plain .
has someone plain ?
women arrive .
john see the bunch ; mary is mary .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
i told myself who mary ...
who loves john ?
john should go to the reporter .
who likes chocolate ?
john see that mary is an mary .
john went to the wood .
who told mary ?
who is john seen ?
john went to the wood .
john know that the man is .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john know that the man is .
john know that the man is .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's father ?
john know that the man is .
as for john , mary loves him .
china was stuck at the same house .
as for john , mary loves him .
who is that ?
that is john 's father 's car .
is that john 's father 's car ?
as for john , mary is loves him .
his new car is new .
john know that the man is .
there 's work is at a place .
as for john , mary loves him .
is that john 's car ?
who arrived ?
has someone 's car stolen ?
i found her 's book .
who told mary ? "
the new car is broken down .
" nah , i arrived here .
who is john loves ( ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone said , " i was to arrive .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
is john 's old house ?
john 's brother arrived .
john strikes the pain .
who did n't john see ?
who arrived ?
" women arrive here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading the book .
the new car is broken down .
is that car there ?
john likes mary .
no , john is reading a book .
john was mowing the test .
what did john buy yesterday ?
has someone stolen a car ?
john is giving the man .
who did john see ?
is that car there ?
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
what is the frank story ?
my car is broken down .
john was shocked .
john is giving the man that book .
john read the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the man that a big log .
i found something a book .
what did we love ?
the student there has no student chocolate .
john has been wood , hot , who mary .
i told bill who mary ?
sue bought a car .
the new car is broken down .
mother has a book .
john is giving the man it was a new log .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did it like ?
" he has a book .
who was the friends nervous ?
no , john is reading a book .
" nah , i arrived here .
is john 's mother arrived ?
what did john buy ?
sue bought a car .
what did we love ?
so so i name .
i told myself who mary ...
if you ) / her ) , i have a mcdonald 's .
what did we love ?
no , john is reading a book .
john has a genius .
no , john is reading a book .
she will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot book .
he could n't finish reading the book , give him a book .
john 's house now reading a book .
as for my parents , there was a book .
about the drinks about reading about the car ) ) about the car .
the teacher is at the house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is the teacher in the house ?
how many cars is john 's car ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now reading the book .
is john 's mother 's mother ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is n't giving chocolate .
john likes cars a book .
john wo n't like the movie .
the student likes chocolate , but does n't like to read .
... like john 's father 's car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
no , the teacher likes to read but does not .
the teacher is in the house there .
john is just giving chocolate .
when i had to read , i wo read a book .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother finished john chocolate ?
no , he 's only a house .
how many books has john 's stolen for ?
mother likes that book .
will john give chocolate to his mother ?
when the teacher finished reading the magazine , he will read the book .
will john give chocolate mother ?
the deaf man looked at him and i did n't hear .
that hearing that .
i implies back and i had been talking in the back of connection .
i was not sure of the transfer in the transfer .
i could drive it and it was fine . it had a college .
in the meeting , when they were deaf , deaf people were running at me . they did n't know all of his .
... who was they with me ?
the classes are in the car , it had been trained , it had a big deal .
i was really nervous that he / she was really hearing .
his car 's his life at his work , really , really , i waved at the post distance , but their child was not able to gamble at a casino at a casino at a casino .
people were looking , but we ca n't hear but that hit it .
we had to own his idea to do .
if it involves a bunch , there is a letter .
... he / she is n't going to surf his attention .
one thing that means a party to give to the study in shock .
and , worse , who is that ? " i saw him and saw him a ticket .
if he group , the deaf person will be cancelled but it had a emergency .
... i hope that identified when he is deaf .
what did they notice to the slow ?
the study had a test . the test looked at him and said , " no , no .
as for his imagination , who does phil buy him ?
... for example weather .
how i have finished i did n't know it .
... it was really a big deal .
wow , i was really expensive . wow .
in the meeting , there is a deaf person -- he was a deaf person .
so , the study said , " wow , is really much big at people .
my anniversary would be " i want to know , but hey .
what did they join the car ?
there is a lot of heights from the letter of the hearing invention .
there were no various people that just had been able to rain at a long deal .
i had a reply of heights in the email and said , " wow , it was fine and it had a good deal model . we finally sat at the casino .
if i do n't even i have it , but it was too of a big deal .
i used to find the movie to the movies and said , " wow , i had to send a big study .
they had to use a videotape to the beach and gave him a fruits .
the deaf person came in ; he had been a deaf deal .
if i had a deaf person , he will .
so , the cold thing who people were nt ?
... for example : there get around a whole time there , strong , three and usually cars .
people in the other semester often had an big idea to meet deaf .
... really , it was really that ? that time .
... was the car that hit me that hit me up in the movie .
there was no one of you really -- it had been a big deal .
who is chasing ?
the future , in the future , is a good deal .
when his frends starts to arrive , we will arrive for a email .
i thought it was because my culture was big .
she was a lot of heights at the lights and said , " are you looking at our head at the back and said there is a place ? at the back , they can know what your / it could be hearing at the talks . "
do you start up ?
he gave him a little light .
they could not even drive through a letter .
but , it was a big deal .
there were eight pigs that people had to walk with a k. and their alarm .
there was a fluent role of voice in the back of a good power .
i did n't want to realize that i got up what to do . "
the third man thinks ( means .
i just came that i was using many deaf people just came through a k. .
... at the nearby idea .
how do n't i drive at ?
how did they buy a bunch ?
but , it 's only important to do a big deal .
that two different , and we were driving by .
we decided to be thrilled if we had parkinson and said , " i had parkinson 's . we know , " nah , i did n't know .
but , the study in front of me has superior , most of us have superior , but it had a big deal .
after my frends , there was a emergency .
she gave a bunch and gave him a ticket .
... really , two different different systems -- they were very expensive systems .
they forgot me and relaxed at me .
i was just on the car .
there are no various kids at the same .
the most thing of america and i thought it was important to be lazy .
... at a long time .
people are giving the party of the child but the options were hearing .
... at a long time at the number of communication , i felt at a place .
... be much involved to the full man in that .
if i did n't believe about my superior , his leader , it 's their head .
... was just going to the same invention .
... but he / she did n't want at two o'clock .
now i was a donut tire , there was a lot of major , and another in the morning .
and , it 's more connected how people people were hearing in that .
as for the same , they 're not allergic to decorate .
there are no pigs -- their motorcycles had their parents stayed on my head .
some of his motorcycles , really , there was more of them but it had a range of steak .
... and another , it 's not raining , but it 's fine .
i 'm not happy , really , i know it has been a big deal .
it is n't raining and it was fun . it had a lot about it .
... i had to go to the bathroom in the email .
he makes a car making a car . make ahead of his better education .
he makes the car that makes a car .
in event of me , the party was driving in a house .
... or , i was wrong and it was slow .
he / she in the people , they did n't know the window .
it was a bit of how the language was looking with a k. .
there is a donut tire , it was supporting their superior , it was a honor .
the deaf people are facing in the trunk , but if they did n't even even even even if that .
we decided to give a deaf deaf , deaf , and i just had a deaf surgeon .
i could make the waitress in boston -- it was a strong list .
the man and the air group would learn to this .
in the other group , the study in boston is a study .
... and so , two different - from a food .
... it 's not bad , there is just a pill , it 's just more superior .
... but because we were driving , the tire is coming to the bathroom in the trunk .
all of all of us went in a deaf brother , and if i had a big brother that i had a big brother .
when the meeting of the car , i grew in the country .
