someone was excited . what 's your car .
did mother buy a book ?
someone was excited . what 's your car .
someone was confused down .
yesterday bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
john gave the book to his students .
did the student 's student buy a car ?
john gave the student to give the student .
so i saw something ?
someone arrived down .
the student is just average .
do it / she see something ?
did mother buy yesterday ?
someone arrived .
did the teacher gave the book to the student ?
someone threw his car to go .
the teacher is crazy each book .
so i want to be lazy rent .
did the teacher buy a house ?
someone arrived .
someone threw his car to go .
someone was eating inside the car .
someone threw his car to go .
someone arrived .
the student here loves a book .
what book , who did the students be ?
someone was excited . what 's your car .
someone arrived .
the student there was a book to a teacher .
when someone arrived here , did someone arrive ? "
the student there is giving a book to the teacher .
that deaf people have different professionals .
there is a show that kind of situation as in front of me and whether .
people are doing out of communication .
today , he / she should refer a lot to focus .
go ahead and moved .
i was around fishing .
that loves me .
he / she is getting big .
there is one interesting .
that 's because my victim was .
the is the car has been trained fishing theater .
there was one of the tires .
a lot of car who was full show .
i was a bit of steak .
some of us went on the raft and started to get out to do it up .
the deer will give the student to do .
the teacher is at the movies .
the movie finishes a movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out the test , john finished reading it book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student and gave it a book .
why must father buy a book for ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary is giving john 's father must have a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should take a car to ( his father .
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give the car to do .
john has finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
which did the student buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john was late late .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
when john finishes reading the book ,
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
i have father giving the car to john .
mother should not have bought that car .
mother does not buy a house .
when john finds out the test , he will panic and chat .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out the test , he will panic and chat .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought yesterday ?
who john saw mary ?
the students have hamburger .
someone has a pizza .
the man arrived .
john was waiting around , which mary is mary .
who does you like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
tell for which mary 's yesterday .
who loves john ?
john should go to beat .
who does you like chocolate ?
john was going to take utah , who mary is mary .
john has to beat .
who tapped mary to me ?
who john saw mary ?
john has to beat .
john knows this man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows this man .
john knows this man .
whose car is that car ?
is father 's father 's car ?
john knows this man .
as for john , mary loves him .
china was eating a pill .
as for john , mary loves him .
who is that car there ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary is giving her .
that is his new car .
john knows this man .
that car is going to his life car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
" ... 's car .
i found her books in the book .
as for the mouse , did mary tell her to ?
his new car is broken .
who arrived here ? "
who john loves ?
john bought what book yesterday .
someone arrived .
sue bought a car .
john bought what book yesterday .
john is n't old there .
john 's brother arrived .
john fell out .
who did john see ?
who arrived ?
who arrived here ? "
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john was reading a book .
the new car is broken .
mother thought a car .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is in a email .
john 's favorite the doctor .
john bought yesterday ?
no , the car was stolen .
john is a man that the man was tired .
who did john see ?
he / she was giving a car .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
which is bill to be able to get out one book ?
the car is surprised down .
john 's brother arrived .
john is giving her a book , but he man man .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving john a man that was it .
no , i found something book .
what did john love to ?
did someone hate my student ?
john did n't see his sweetheart , who mary is mary ?
bill told the bill .
sue bought a car .
his new car is broken .
does it have a book now ?
john is giving john a man that studies me .
john bought what book yesterday .
what does john like ?
does he / she / it have a book ?
who a vegetarian prefers to really ?
john is in a email .
did someone arrive here ? "
john 's mother arrived . who 's mother arrived .
john bought what book .
sue bought a car .
what did john love to ?
the name is a name .
tell for which mary 's yesterday .
as for his friend , you have a genius .
what did john love to ?
john is in a email .
john has a big person .
john is giving his men , " he says .
she will buy another book .
the teacher wants to finish a lot book .
he ca n't finish to read a book written but his teacher is fresh .
john is giving up a book .
the parents gave many books that he had to read everyday .
he / she loves reading about the car to read .
the teacher is going to the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is the teacher in that house there ?
how many cars did john buy the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now reading a book .
john is a mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate .
john likes cars a book .
john will not like movies .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like chocolate book .
john likes down his father 's house .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
no , the teacher likes to read but s / he likes movies .
the teacher has been in the house .
john is a vegetarian now .
when a b finishes , i was going to read a book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
mother has finished john chocolate .
father likes john 's house but does n't like his car .
has one book john 's father 's ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read a book .
will john give chocolate to mother ?
a deaf man was looking but i 'm going back .
did he / she / it go out ?
" really , we know behind the back of my mind , it means to feel like to his knee .
i was looking and saw a lot of transfer so he / she was .
i could n't have to take it and college .
when they are driving , the experience of himself and i got to feel fine at them because he would n't know what to do .
but he / she is crazy but really , he was so average .
there was a very amazing thing that means i`ll be able to clean it , and that .
as really , i really felt a big distance of car .
his car does n't want to get any abdominal in a office , would n't be able to get their attention by their face .
the researches was relief and it was ca n't hear . it 's the research that hit me .
we had to get a big thing to do .
if it involves information a pry , your studying is lousy .
i will yell in a sack right , no , no ...
there will be a show that means to nagivate , and that kind of the situation will be working .
and , i was nearly inside that . who was coming up , do you see ?
if he deaf is deaf person , he will have a bit to see it .
that waitress because he / she is deaf .
the hearing man looked to the cop and said , " what 's going on ?
my time was driving . the test looked at his wife , it 's not like his career .
john was from her 's friend who bu loves him to himself .
the cop started to sneak in example .
how i was confident ! i do n't know .
there is a really big quiz .
wow , that is different !
when it 's raining , there is a deaf person socially -- he accepted up .
so , the family said , " wow , wow , mike 's really unpredictable . he is a lot of fun and i thought to myself .
my ra saw the right thing to everyone and we would n't hear what to do .
what did we discuss in a meeting ?
there is a lot of lot from the post group and whether his head in the back of my car .
people were looking and realized , " do n't we just be looking for a long time , the name of word language .
the video person gave a good bit of hours and lit . it was a good bit of hours where there was a good deal of hours where there was a good bit of hours where there was a good bit of hours .
not just , i do n't have one general thing system .
first , we used to send a movie , and the movie will arrive to the movies , and the movies will move to move to the movies a test , that 's the test .
of course the students were stolen into a red time of mine there .
the deaf person came down . he had been trained well .
for when deaf person , when he has a deaf person of himself .
so , the baby was all of us crashed . how people did .
... for example , when they took a lot of options , you usually usually gives a car to move on there .
the people in my major , residence time , they will have an umbrella to put deaf to put deaf .
... so that 's time of heights -- wow . second , they 're in la , well , ...
the food said , " i do n't feel into the movie .
that happened , they who was deaf .
who isnt't it ?
the future will be doing away to do .
the researches saw his car to arrive in the internet , . we have to be a close call , and for sure .
who is it clear ? what 's it with a long time total .
a donut man was good , but if he was a good tire , you will know . really , that 's the only tire from example and whether his car .
did you already have already given out ?
he gets on the fall of the tons of intervening -- i saw a eye on it .
if it could n't even a big office or something , " i 'm sad through .
but he / she was pounding away . he had had a close quiz .
those experiences and people have a deaf mentor to do their finger at waving their job .
there was a bit of his friend in front of me and counselor in front of social friends .
( really , i saw , " oh . i looked up and started talking right in his mouth .
the deaf experience shows up very different .
i was trying to come and use that i had lived there at a long time .
he was riding a big sister but the hall idea he seemed to the hall .
i looked on the email how the seasons were stolen .
my car was through me ...
but it 's only important to do in la .
what were the different key to be involved by .
he turns , with the whole man in la , they do n't know if it 's easier to move , and in la .
but , the study was passed through the country . we have separated it for a long time . there is a bit of us that same child .
when a big person finishes his victim , do n't like that idea .
after my friend , the lights will notice and start signing .
" really , your two different words would cover the road . "
i forgot tony and told them that i was obviously teasing them .
no , for a long distance , the family are churning them .
there is a only bit of mine - wedding .
the most person thought , " i thought to myself , " i would n't be bored to wear his fruits .
in the past , when he / she wrote a movie .
it was n't even a big difference language .
when a bunch of interesting , his better found out , you can feel more socialized .
much much involved to the full party in the group of my major .
there is a only bit about tennessee , and liked my major .
the study came different words for his victim 's body and lays him the questions .
but for the nearby area , he looked up and started different .
now i was a bit nervous -- there loves - major , what kind of opportunity and people .
and more , mike and the deaf person felt in that kind .
in the past , there is not any .
i walked at my head and said , " if he had one dollar , that 's the only tire .
some of us in the group , but they have some set up , and after that .
... and when it was more a big thing but i got up on her 80 .
i do n't even know it was fine .
i hope it is n't raining outside because it was too hot .
it was perfect with it along a burger .
the car makes the car to make sure and saw the car .
the attacker made that makes them to make a doctor .
the hearing person decided to get in fact , i waved a burger on her .
has someone been it or plain ? no , he thought it was someone .
he / she is perfect about the people of the questions -- the lack of steam costs to know .
the fire began through the list of the language - ray . it 's the deer that 's only - ray result .
the donut there was his crow - brother , sprained both his knee .
deaf people will discuss whether to see more , but if it is , i 've in the deaf community .
the deaf man gave them different words , but people ca n't like me .
i can make him to go it with a while of five different york .
the cop to buy the car to do it up . he said , " i will learn the hearing man to learn at them .
ask another group in the deaf study , it was deaf professionals to start about a rubber in la on ...
back until they were different in the competition language .
there is a bit of five different york . it has been a cigarette , and shook .
when they were going to gain the car , we would cover the deaf person to cover the deaf jail " and saw the car ; the glass is broken .
there were a hard and a half big surgeon . it 's a lot of big seasons , but if they 're in la ...
i held the car to the beach of time and the metal resources . it 's the social language .
