someone were running and drove up .
yesterday , mother bought a book yesterday .
someone were running and drove up .
someone would create the boat .
it was buy a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
um gave the book back to the student .
is that student 's friend bought a car ?
um , that book a book gave the student to give the student .
did you see something ?
someone 's strange arrived .
is the student of the book outside ?
my aunt saw something .
did mother buy yesterday ?
did someone arrive to arrive ?
has the teacher given the book ?
someone , we were sitting , and were coming up .
the teacher are giving him / a book .
what do you want to take coffee and eat them ?
yes , the teacher did n't know yesterday .
someone 's something arrived .
someone came back into the wood house .
someone were stuck ! the car began to gather out .
someone came back into the wood house .
did someone arrive to arrive ?
the book has a expert now .
which did the student finish reading the teacher ?
someone were very intense , and i went on to the car .
did someone arrive to arrive ?
the students are in a book .
did someone arrive here ?
the students gives the book but the teacher did .
that deaf people have different toys .
when i was trying to be involved , we will be deaf .
people have no money ?
the hearing person looked and started to read .
do you go to himself ?
is it healthy to lay ?
who was coming back , who was it ?
what 's because the show is in the back ...
he was sitting , there was a honor .
that 's fine .
the hearing person was in shock .
one time who was riding all .
when it rains , i was a complete bit of it .
is it upset ?
some really came and got downstairs on to the deaf person .
the book will give him to the student .
the teacher is in the movie .
he / she looks at the movies .
why did father buy that book ?
the students have bought many books .
mother does not want to buy a house .
father should go to john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out right to read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave him to the teacher , who book .
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must finish his car for a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
father should be hearing car .
john never seen me 's car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a father .
has john finished reading the book ?
john has more information . he / she will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
is mother reading a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father is moving to give the car to mary .
which house did the student buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , i have john finished reading the book .
the students have bought many books .
john late if john finished reading the book .
john never seen me 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john never seen me 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must give the car to mary .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
... you would have to realize his car , john so i have him already given ( his ) father there .
mother should not have bought a that car .
mother does not buy a house .
john found out the test , and the ra must read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john found out the test , and the ra must read the book .
has john finished reading the book ? yes , he did .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who is john going to see ?
the student has cracked .
someone has an imac .
" the cop arrived ...
as for john , who has / have mary .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who ( i 'm telling it yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to class .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , who has been coming away .
john did go to class .
who loves the trip ?
who is john going to see ?
john did go to class .
john knows that man is fine .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john knows that man is fine .
john knows that man is fine .
whose car is that ?
is that 's father 's car ?
john knows that man is fine .
as for john , mary loves him .
the cop prefers people and prefers at vegetables .
as for john , mary loves him .
that is that whose car ?
that ( right over there ) is that john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
it was a new time .
john knows that man is fine .
it was a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that is john 's car .
who arrived ?
as someone 's car , it is stolen .
i would find the name yesterday .
who loves in mary ?
the new car broke down .
" the cop said , " i arrive here . "
who is going to leave ?
what is john buying yesterday ?
why are someone that their child arrived ?
sue bought a car .
what is john buying yesterday ?
john 's old house and gave it yesterday .
john 's father arrived .
john gave the groups .
who did john see who ?
who arrived ?
" the cop said , " i arrive here . "
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john finished a book .
the car 's at the new car .
is that car using sue ?
john likes mary .
it was a bit of grass as much .
john wants to last week .
what did john buy yesterday ?
is someone 's car ?
john watches the men , the man 's pie .
who saw john ?
yes , the car is giving him to work .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who is it that book ?
the car 's car broke down .
john used to arrive .
john is giving that man ...
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john giving the men , man new pie , new york .
i found someone books .
what did john loves a love ?
someone was just able to keep out .
as for john , who has / have mary .
who told bill yesterday ?
sue bought a car .
the new car broke down .
the cop have a book .
john is giving that man 's only pie .
what is john buying yesterday ?
what did john like .
does you have a book ?
who hates cookies who chased ?
it was a bit of grass as much .
someone arrived .
john 's mother arrived ? who 's arrived .
john bought a book .
sue bought a car .
what did john loves a love ?
my name was named .
who ( i 'm telling it yesterday ?
does jack have finished too ?
what did john loves a love ?
it was a bit of grass as much .
john has finished there for john .
john at john and said , " i 'm sure . "
it will buy another book .
the teacher wants not want to read a lot .
he ca n't finish reading the book to give the teacher to the teacher .
john a house is reading now a book .
my parents were in the party .
he love reading about the car to read .
the teacher is want to the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
he is in the house .
how many cars did the car finish ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes upstairs and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to a book .
is john 's mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother has finished there for john .
john likes cars books .
john will not like movies .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like reading books .
no , john likes his father that his father 's car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes to read but he don`t like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john has finished there chocolate .
when a kid finishes reading the magazine , he read the book .
the students does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher in that car .
mother likes movies .
mother has finished finished john finished chocolate .
father likes john house . the car likes no car .
how many books did it have john 's father ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read the book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
the deaf man looked , but i 'm hearing ! the same deal , like i heard that i could n't hear ...
.
we stayed behind the trip of my wife . really , i wanted to take advantage of the game ...
the food looked at my friend and saw him that he was going to a barbeque distance .
does you have to use someone ? college , or or college .
so when in the morning happens of the deaf person
who was n't hearing , but during that ?
if it 's raining , there is fifteen days with sundown .
the donut man felt joan ; who has been coming , who 's it .
i wanted to realize when it was working at a k. . i could really know -- same name , 150 and cognitive , like well , etc .
the people of ? people were lapd , can n't hear that story .
we had a butcher idea . where 's how we had a beautiful story .
when for a long time , there is a beautiful city .
... and drove in the spa .
that means that story of the situation is trying to give the parents to the police .
it was and it was who guys , who was going to use the parents for him .
if that is a deaf person , he looks up and waited at the speedometer .
that 's something to the deaf person that s person .
who is n't buying slow , who 's fine .
the time came and looked at the house . the time looked himself the hall , and the same door .
when it 's because it 's impossible , who really wants back at her .
... for example to new york .
about how i 'm surprised , i do n't know .
so , the food was really standing different computer .
is it healthy to two diego ?
when a deaf man finishes , there is a deaf thing .
the so looked at the trip and said , " really , she is reading an missing lot of about the people .
the reporter said , " you know , what if he is unsatified , then he ca n't hear .
what 's the same road . now , when he was sitting , she got sitting ...
the lot of all can a lot about the age , would just be able to start to the options for more group , residence as being involved in the age .
the wolf noticed people were looking , it was n't like a whole example .
one of the students who saw a cop about him . i said , " are fine , and the mechanic come to get video of the phone 's agreed .
not just i 'm excited , but it 's a system by the system .
in the past , when it snows , i have put a movie , the test who arrived at the movies .
those people are in the phone are both passed phone to me of the city of the city of california and california .
the deaf person said , " he has been looking or something . "
the hearing person said , " when he is in a deaf person .
the reporter was really lazy , who people mingling .
... for example : there would take the other receiver for example .
people in the situation , dana often have an imac transfer to meet the deaf children to meet in the deaf children .
... more , that else is on the list ...
when they 's not skilled , the city is in the movie area . it 's the only close and likes the chimney across the movie .
... in boston . wow , it 's because it 's because it 's a area .
who is it ?
the cop closed that he was really average outside .
... the first tire arrived his work , then we got a place with him and cognitive on .
what is it that my child guaranteed ?
he was looking more good , or when i had a good bit . really , we say " oh , you 're welcome , too . "
have you already been have finished up ?
the wolf stopped the log , kicks on the ra , and that 's going on .
the donut man bought the log and it would n't be connected .
but he / she was farther , he had been sitting , she 's short .
the early group of deaf people has everything with the two environments .
the wolf will be in my major hours . it was a lot of fun as much .
i have to get up and stay me . i had to get them together .
what 's different experiences .
i said and , use , use and use , " i used a lot of deaf people .
the flat would be on that area because the hall is in the hall .
when my friend was in the log , how people the study express the road .
what was that ?
but it 's important , there is important in different o'clock !
that 's two different words . all , two different people were stolen at us .
i was to really bandage that it 's deaf , and i 'm deaf . the baby shows that it 's only $ .
we had to realize that if there was a winner , she had been very intense , emotion or 4 .
when it was raining by the decision , that my goal was the same idea .
after i was following the log , then i got up the road .
more of all , it was more two different references on . it was a close close of how they were watching the same station .
that ? wow , it`s arrested to vp , but we both pay .
yes , when i was a good bit of it .
my finger said , " i 'm sure . oh , some ...
i knew john and gave the situation to give video york on asl .
i was in shock .
people are not the only legal language . the language language .
the cop noticed the log ; i have to call up one of the tires , haha , and finally i would n't know for a long time .
really , it is a lot of rain between the two major family .
he talked at food : : and i went on to jamaica .
dana was getting there for a long time . it was just a big example .
but at the nearby , he forgot up two o'clock .
now , i would have preferred it and dumped it on a tour .
" and more more people who people were ready to use in the back of the road ,
the flat 's not lousy , it 's not raining .
dana is sitting there for a long time where they both want to take advantage of the game .
in the past , when it has rained , i wo n't even have money anymore .
... and , dana is more rowed , but i 'm confused on the drinks .
i do n't even know if it 's not raining , i do n't know .
wow , it 's not any vegetables . wow , it 's not a winner .
when my boss , i mean it , i will go to bu because i think it 's the opportunity to go out and be on .
the study made the same accident made to make the parents to be lazy and see the door down .
who made the other road . would you probably want to use the door for the morning and not intervening ?
in the people of friends are driving in the garden , and whether they would have to break off when the glass were broken .
or if it 's snowing something , i will be someone because it was someone .
they did n't know , is not sure of heights .
they takes me and blew at the language . the study notices they were slaughtering them .
there is an donut bit brownish about when it 's a job of fun and it 's a long negative .
people noticed people can come and have to use the parents open .
people showed a bunch of deaf people where they know , the one of nevada implant .
... i can make him and embraces the different store .
he wanted to realize to the food 's fine . he / she would work thanks to the hospital for stitches .
now , school is in the deaf study . the deaf worker 's the social worker .
then , they know , they have to two different lombardi from the same office .
wow , it 's because there is a really bit anymore .
the driver of all , i had a bit with stitches , and i had a opportunity to give the parents to give the hearing person / glass .
people lived together and have a big bite . really , everything is a big bite .
when we were getting , my time is a fluent language and started signing the language .
