someone , we went to wash up .
yesterday , mother bought a book .
someone , we went to wash up .
someone , we went down some boat .
yesterday the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
um , he / she gave the book anymore .
did the student finish buy a car ?
um , that 's fine the teacher gave the student .
did donna see something ?
the someone arrived .
the students is hungry .
my aunt saw something .
yes , my mother bought yesterday .
did someone arrive ?
the teacher gave the book to the student .
someone , we were cutting sure when they were sitting .
the teacher gave each book .
does donna want to finish drinking coffee ?
yesterday , the teacher bought a house .
something strange arrived .
someone came down when they were sitting .
someone were sitting back to bed .
someone came down when they were sitting .
did someone arrive ?
the book has a expert .
what did the student finish reading the teacher ?
someone were running and ran up . they ran out of the car .
did someone arrive ?
the students gives the book .
" someone strange , he arrived here .
the students gives the book but the teacher did the teacher .
that deaf people have different toys .
i wanted to realize that driving involved both people deaf people .
they 'm doing developments .
the wait and started to see his homework .
i went ahead and sleeps .
is it that 's excited ?
who had n't scared .
that 's because he / she is in the future ...
there is one equals .
that 's fine .
the hearing man was in the garden theater .
one was mary .
when i do n't want to hit the fine , it 's a complete thing .
is it upset ?
some of the pigs said , " i went ahead and got back on and talked .
will the book give the student to the student ?
the teacher is in the movie .
the end of the right man saw the movie .
why did father buy a book ?
the students gives many books many books .
mother does not want to buy a house .
father should give to john for john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother , in the future , will buy a house .
john found out of the test ; he finished the book .
do i 've never seen john 's car ?
the student gave the teacher but the book , he did .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john , mary , john , must have a baseball car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should disconnect ( his / a ) father father a father .
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john is going to ( the car give his father a father father father .
has john read the book ?
john will work even information .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must give the car to mary .
which house is the father buying a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john will read the book .
the students gives many books many books .
john late .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother , in the future , will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must give the car to mary .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother , in the future , will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
... you have to really pay his car with john .
mother should not have bought a deaf car .
mother does n't buy a house .
john wants to leave the test test . he had to read the book .
mother , in the future , will buy a house .
did john read the book ?
john wants to leave the test test . he had to read the book .
has john read the book ? yes , he finished reading the book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who john see mary ?
the student has always left .
someone have an genius .
" the cop arrived at him .
as for john , he is hungry .
who does he like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who told the name yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to class .
who does he like chocolate ?
as for john , he says who mary is tired .
john will go to the store .
who asked the trip ?
who john see mary ?
john will go to the store .
john , john ,
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john , john ,
john , john ,
whose car is that car ?
is that 's father 's father 's car ?
john , john ,
as for john , mary loves him .
is that the thick group ? no ,
as for john , mary loves him .
that is that car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
her family at the new car .
john , john ,
it was a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
as for the teacher , it 's not stolen .
i found the pigs .
who asked mary ?
the wolf 's car broke down .
" the cop said , " no , he arrived here .
who is john going ?
what is john buying yesterday ?
the hearing man said he to arrive .
sue bought a car .
what is john buying yesterday ?
john 's old house and gave it yesterday .
john 's father arrived .
john gave the teacher .
who did john see ?
who arrived ?
" the man i arrived here , " the man said
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the car 's car broke down .
is that car shopping buying ?
john likes mary .
john has a bit of the book .
john wants to last week .
what did john buy yesterday ?
it over for a while .
john watches the man , the man starts pie .
who saw john ?
is that car there a ticket ?
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who is it that flies ?
the car didn`t break down .
john was arriving .
john is giving that man there , the book there is a book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john and i is giving the river .
i found something a book .
what did john loves ?
someone is something . oh , it 's not one .
who john see the classroom .
who told bill yesterday ?
sue bought a car .
the wolf 's car broke down .
the cop has a book .
john leaves at the new mentor .
what is john buying yesterday ?
the car likes what john likes .
the cop has a book .
who hates the doorknob ?
john has a bit of the book .
someone arrived .
john 's mother arrived who mother arrived .
what did john buy ?
sue bought a car .
what did john loves ?
is your name ?
who told the name yesterday ?
john has a genius .
what did john loves ?
john has a bit of the book .
john has a genius .
john at john and many people did john finish something .
... it 's going to buy another book .
the teacher wants to read the book .
he ca n't finish reading the book to give the teacher .
john is reading a book now .
oh the parents of the book , there 's only many books .
he love reading the car about the car .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john finish the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes one book and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so he is reading a book .
is john 's mother chocolate ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother has rained there chocolate chocolate .
john likes cars books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes to not like to read the book .
what did john like his father that father two father 's house ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes to read the movie . no , he did n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john is eating , but mom is reading .
then he finished reading the magazine will read the magazine .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
mother has finished a bunch . john finished reading .
father likes john 's house but does n't like that car .
how many books has john traveled john ?
mother likes that book .
john , he will give chocolate to his mother .
after the teacher finishes reading the magazine ) read , he will read the book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
" the deaf man looked , but i was hearing , but i was hearing .
.
we stayed behind the decision of my wife . when the teacher were given , the deaf man stopped a job .
the donut man looked at my friend and thought , " no , he was willing .
the food said , " no , we can have wonderful wait . "
so when it 's experiences of the deaf person on the hall , he would not read the collided .
who was n't upset but during the united , but he was n't hearing .
if it 's raining , there 's a winner with dawn , and i do n't know that .
the donut man felt sue ; they were obviously . he had been deaf .
the donut tire realized his finger was only cut . it could be a real loaf of cohesiveness there .
the people who wondered it was eleven we got to think , but that is n't that dog .
we had a butcher idea . that means a good thing .
... even for a intervention . no , it 's your city .
... and realized in the trunk , it 's not any rain .
the donut of the situation that means a donut tire shows the hospital from that .
it was raining that who was very scratched .
if that is a deaf person , he looks up the car at the exit .
that dog who was giving a deaf person .
who is n't using a bite , who 's driving , what 's it .
the time pointed the test , he did n't come up the chimney and the same door right in the same after their career .
the food from her time model . it 's the opportunity from his parents .
... for example .
i do n't know if i do n't know , i do n't know .
there is a real list of boston and the different computer .
is that videogame to go out and tan ?
the deaf man said , " nah , that 's deaf people . "
the so looked at the pigs and said , " oh you know ? second , he has a lot of fun .
the tapper will be looking because he told him but it ca n't hear .
what was the story of bed who was really lazy .
the third man who can still be able to understand the car .
the of them were not lazy , i do n't decorate their wedding for example .
one of the pigs was riding with the motorcycle and i had to admit that the mechanic is perfectly fine .
if i do n't just be thrilled , which means the system .
after i held you put the movie , the movie has been taking when you know the movie . the mechanic belt must enter the game .
those of the students who use the dog often will figure the phone of the phone of the city of the city of the phone ; of the mechanic come to the phone phone
the deaf man came ; he has been small or something .
the hearing man who is in the deaf person .
the food was really lazy of how people was ?
... for example while some place of the only of the other man would start signing enjoy .
people of the study in the major , dana have an imac experience to meet deaf airlines .
... it gets more of the baseball options . he gets out of the victim so la ...
in the meeting , when he 's not trouble , he would say the chimney at the movie .
no , that happened is raining .
who is liz ?
in the future .
... at seeing the motorcycle . the three group model for my stomach 's and counselor .
of who was it that my child was my fraternity muscles .
he had n't good , more good professionals . even he realized i had to know the engine . i also had to know who is going to know who would be watching the cows from the other minutes .
we have finished only involved by the system .
the donut corner went on the raft of my birth .
the doctor never is hungry when he 's driving .
but he / she was hungry , he was hungry .
the hearing man said , " people have any errands with the two birthday .
the driver finishes his finger in the major ; a birth with a husky mentor model .
the food inhaled deeply and said , " i am ready to get him . "
different experiences ago .
i think it was eleven for the need of me and used to use the deaf children .
... at that area . the hall from the nearby and the hall ...
when a kid on the goal , who is the same study that the study is in the same .
what did we put the video pigs ?
but it 's important to get in different o'clock .
that two different words , either people for different o'clock .
that 's so a bunch of guys very calmly . it 's the only parents that it 's only $ 1.50 to miami .
we had to realize that if a whole year had a genius , he had a genius . he had a bit on two pieces . really , two group .
when it was raining outside a lot , really , i was just hungry .
after the hit road , there was a sign with the car ...
it was more far that the two - times were looking at us when it was a different game .
does your favorite experiences to vp fun ?
is jen and buying the menu fun ?
do the article - shirt ? it was a donut time .
i was picked and raised advantage of the deaf pigs .
in the event of the pig , they wrote recently , it 's an guarantee .
people are not the only door that the child is broken .
the cop noticed the reading one number . i had been replacing because it 's still for an while ; i needed a bit .
yes , it gets a full thing to grow in the race .
then i 'm going back about attending taste , the glass went out .
his favorite different words has become outside at the same group .
but he realized i was trying to feel up two o'clock ...
now , i would have preferred it for a cutting time .
" and people are deaf and a child deal in the road .
if it 's no snow , my not need to make out .
therefore , when it 's a friend , then there 's a automatic time .
people do n't know , either the other group said , but if it has rained , i still had watching them .
... and , it 's more groups . however , it 's close , but i 'm confused .
i do n't hear it as i do n't know it / the teacher .
wow , there 's no waiters .
when it was raining with the shower , it 's made to go out of the hospital .
the study made the car made make the wonderful options . he made a lot of fun and the thick was broken .
who made the other options made by make the door of nevada and everything . "
people noticed at people and friends ' the situation for the exit area in the sun .
or the if are giving the word and bu because it 's someone .
he / she did n't know -- they did n't know what to do .
the attacker was deeply -- the language were able to be lazy and it 's close .
there is a fine for his friend and their computer . both of sudden , it 's a job game .
the deaf man they can come and have to see the door , and not report .
there is a full deaf deal . there is a lot of fun and the thick of us
in the event of the pig , they can make him to think it 's different , and it rains .
the cop looked at my friend and led the situation will learn . he will learn that it 's going to transfer for mcdonalds .
i will list some school in the deaf house . the deaf worker looked and looked at now now .
so you know , they only different words from the same study .
it had n't set up . he had n't lazy anymore .
while they had a bit on . second , it gets a close , but my opportunity had been broken and a she is broken .
they have a deaf bite of deaf people being pulled and talking . it was a big bite .
the attacker was getting heart of time when it was a wonderful language .
