someone strikes at the car , and they grabbed them .
yesterday , mother bought a book yesterday .
someone strikes at the car , and they grabbed them .
someone strikes at the party .
yesterday the students bought a car .
john has finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
no , the teacher gave the book .
did the student already buy a car ?
um has a book for the teacher to give the student .
did you see something ?
how many strange did you arrive ?
the student is hungry .
she saw something .
yes , mother bought yesterday finished .
how many strange did someone arrive ?
did the teacher give the book to the student ?
someone were running , and ended them close .
the teacher is born .
my cousin wants more finger .
yesterday the teacher bought a house .
i was something strange .
someone were sitting , and i waved to wash them .
someone were sitting , and i went back .
someone were sitting , and i waved to wash them .
how many strange did someone arrive ?
the book was videophoning .
which did the student finish reading the teacher ?
someone were giving , and i grew on .
how many strange did someone arrive ?
did the student buy the book ?
did someone arrive that to arrive ?
the student is giving the book . the teacher so the teacher .
that deaf people have different professionals .
i was relieved that hit so people are hearing and deaf .
people do people have ?
the hearing person looked and started to climb .
go ahead and sleeps ?
is that group old ?
who did we start work ?
that 's wrong .
one was one hotel , it was one .
that 's something , when he / she does n't want to be able to ...
the weather went out to give out .
one was one big thing .
the wolf said , " no , we do work away .
is it going to keep up ?
some of us were driving and got punching to her .
the book will give the student .
the teacher is in the movie .
he / she saw a movie .
why did father buy a book ?
the students are giving many books .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father needs to go john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out from the raft .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the teacher , but the books did .
why did father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary , mary 's father there , must have it a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should disconnect the car a car .
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading the yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give the car to the car .
john has read the book .
john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must give the car to mary .
did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after now , john is reading the book .
the students are giving many books .
john late if john finished the book .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading the yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must give the car to mary .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
it would n't be a father already , that john is it .
mother should not have bought a deaf car .
mother did n't buy a house .
john found out of the test , and she would read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john found out of the test , and she would read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who has john seen mary ?
the student has ended .
someone has an imac .
" as for the children , he arrived .
as for john , he has been guilty .
who does like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
yesterday i ca n't know that mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the garage .
who does like chocolate ?
as for john , he has been guilty .
john will go to the garage .
who fell back ?
who has john seen mary ?
john will go to the garage .
john knows that man is ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows that man is ?
john knows that man is ?
which car is that 's car ?
is that father 's father 's car ?
john knows that man is ?
as for john , mary loves him .
is that the video group prefers ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that is that car ?
that ( right over there ) is john .
is that john 's father 's car ?
as for john , mary loves him .
it was a car at the new car .
john knows that man is ?
it was a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that is john 's car .
who arrived ?
as for the car , it has been stolen .
i found that book .
who fell back ?
the car 's car broke down .
why do n't you arrive here ?
who loves john loves ?
what did john buy the book yesterday ?
why did n't you arrive at ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy the book yesterday ?
john 's old house yesterday .
john 's truck arrived .
john gave the groups .
who did he / she see ?
who arrived ?
" the cop arrived in here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the fire 's car broke down .
is that car there 's buying ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving that a child group .
john 's doorbell her week .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone is stolen .
john is giving that man boxes .
who did john see ?
is that car there any mom ?
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who is liz who 's book ?
the car looked down .
john arrived .
john is giving that man so a book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the man of san studies .
i found someone books .
what did he / john loves ?
someone is one student has one student .
as for john , who is mary .
yesterday i told bill yesterday ?
sue bought a car .
the car 's car broke down .
does the cop have a book ?
john is giving that man so lightning .
what did john buy the book yesterday ?
as for john , john likes what , john .
does you have a book ?
who girl the ras ?
john is giving that a child group .
did someone arrive here ?
john 's mother arrived who mother arrived .
what did john buy a book ?
sue bought a car .
what did he / john loves ?
the name was named .
yesterday i ca n't know that mary ?
john has been blown .
what did he / john loves ?
john is giving that a child group .
john has been blown .
john has a bit of his men .
so i will buy another book , the book .
the teacher wants to he read a lot .
he ca n't finish reading the book next week .
john is sitting to read the book now .
oh the parents of the pigs , there 's many books .
he love reading about the car to read .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
that teacher in the house there .
how many cars did the car buy the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes young books and movies .
if the teacher finishes reading the magazine today ,
is john going to mother ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is giving chocolate .
john likes cars books .
john will not like movies .
does the student like chocolate ? no , he does n't like the book .
no , john likes that father at a house .
why does n't like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes to like the movie but not like movies .
did the teacher already in the house ?
john is n't using chocolate .
has donna finished the magazine given the book and read ?
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is n't in the house .
" father will like that book , that 's going to do .
the teacher in the car is in the car .
mother likes movies .
john has already finished john finished chocolate .
father likes john house but does n't like that car .
how many books did john finish up ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate , he got chocolate .
did the teacher finish reading the magazine to read the book ?
john will give chocolate to mother .
the deaf man looked but i was hearing , but i got back .
.
i went behind the car of my friend . both , after a example of the car , the family dropped , and he means to keep out of the coffin .
the donut man looked and got a hearing distance .
i really decided to stop seats , and have never college anymore .
in the event of course , they are of deaf professionals , deaf , and know , and do n't know what to do .
who was n't hearing , but i was hearing .
there is how there 's only $ , and two cars moved around .
the donut man was probably lazy ; they felt people .
it 's just working ; his finger could be cut to move to the ocean of the deaf clip where there is a good list of gas .
people were not upset , i ca n't hear that to do , but it 's snowing .
we had a deaf thing , that means .
your car has a good friend .
... and there 's always that just for a party with la .
we had a deaf bit from the invention to give the chimney of the three man .
the cop said , " who did you see ? " he did n't see .

the sister is that that is deaf .
who is n't buying , which studies is it ?
the time pointed the test , and his finger would n't have cut before his career .
the cop was from her and asked , " wow , who broke out .
he ca n't new york .
how i 'm surprised , i do n't know .
so , california , i was four .
is it healthy outside ?
the leader that 's just identified , who is deaf .
the so looked and said , " i am sure . he has been very unhappy about a lot of situation and the other deal game .
he / she did n't know , mike see , and anyway , i ca n't hear .
we went into the decision . we were mischevious .
the third man can inform the city , you know , the hearing man would grouped .
the group of people were driving if they did n't decorate anymore .
one of the students was riding with the phone and thought to the phone of the chimney agreed .
it was n't just rained , but when the students system , it was system .
the pigs said , " we both have eaten a movie for sharing and you arrived at a movie .
people are in the phone of the phone and scared of the light of the city of the hall
the deaf person got back to the talks and if something was it ?
the hearing person was in a deaf person .
the as for the baby , when people were how people were , they did n't know ?
... example , some places around the days of his shoulder .
people in the major area often have parkinson to meet the deaf person to meet .
... more , there was a donut friend .
the boss said , " no , his / babies would notice to the movie in movie . " ahh , and burned back .
that happened , is on .
who famous ?
the future is in the future , but the stitching ) .
we saw his men tomorrow to arrive a place on the hall of a fire area of sun .
because this is very clear .
he had n't good at the united ; the stitching would know , they 'll be able to know , but the other man said , " you 're welcome , too . oh well , " and drove on and sat .
have you already finished that to work ?
the waitress said , " about the fall , and the stitching did n't know .
i ca n't know it would be a donut bit through a bit .
but , he / she is twelve . he 's close .
the next experience of deaf people has any with an rubber and the fall deal .
i will be able to keep the baseball person to give la a lot of deaf people .
i wish , and took his men that i met .
what means they belong with mean ?
i wish , and used , i used to use many deaf people used to be able through others .
i was on the trip , but when the ra realized , the hall was in the hall .
as for the idea , they are human of the language .
what did we see something ?
but it is important it 's important to get in different o'clock ,
that two different different miles from us .
that 's wrong ; i had parkinson and dumped it .
but , in the meeting , you have a education . he had a education and a tiny years of gas .
it was just raining ; it was bleeding .
i was disappointed and raised with the wood house .
it was more two different , that it was a close , and a two little little little .
does your favorite experiences to vp to vermont , but we transferred to jamaica .
was it and hungry , was worried .
my finger was going to the baseball computer .
i was born and chatted a deaf mentor to give to lincoln .
... that 's the only trip , " really , dana wrote downstairs .
people are not going to finish a big language .
the cop noticed me one number , i forgot up , and one number , i prefer up .
this is a lot of effort to the costs to get in that .
he talked at the decision and and i went on to vp .
is that the group of the group and it 's become a big bit , and called it up .
but for example , he forgot at two o'clock .
now , i had just been lucky , and i had a deaf worker on .
" and i 'm people know , how people are deaf and deaf people .
the pigs said , " no , not need ahead .
it 's because there 's two anymore with the raft and they can collaborate with a bit .
some of us had more of them guys . but the smashed group said , but if it had rained , i 'm not any people .
no , it 's more intimidating , but i 'm lucky .
i do n't know if it 's not raining .
wow , i do n't wash there and vegetables than there .
it was perfect with the early house .
the study made a car to make ; his computer was cut to make the parents to see .
who makes the car that makes the choices to make the door , and they often know , "
in the group of friends there was a show to do , he got up and joined the break , and the glass was in the same house .
or if it 's wrong , i think it was someone .
he said , " people do n't know , are you know , different words " .
it was waving ; the language was able to give birth .
there is a donut bit on when there 's a emergency with csun , and there 's a job .
the deaf people can come and have to use the parents open , but hey .
the deaf man shows they deaf people should show .
it can make the name , and it rains .
the cop inhaled came and sf at the south house .
i will list in the deaf study with a deaf mentor .
there are two various different computer from the same language .
it 's not raining , there is a really quiz anymore .
i rummaged up because they had a good mentor that had found the parents and i had a education with the deaf community .
people lived get a deaf mentor . second , it was sort of good people .
the hearing person was a lot of guys to go to the car .
