someone were running , and i went off .
yesterday the mother bought a book yesterday .
someone were running , and i went off .
someone were running , " and saw the party .
yesterday the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
no , the teacher gave each student all the students .
did the student who buy a car ?
um gave a lot of the teacher and gave it to give the student .
did you see something ?
someone got something arrived .
the student is really standing .
she saw something .
yes , mother bought yesterday .
someone arrived .
has the teacher been giving the book ?
each , i began to help up .
the teacher gave each book .
does you want to take up ?
yesterday the teacher did n't buy a house .
someone strange to arrive .
someone ran back and went off to the wood end .
someone were trying back and went off .
someone ran back and went off to the wood end .
someone arrived .
the book of the students who was in the teacher .
which did the student finish reading the teacher ?
many people were very boring . it ran something .
someone arrived .
the students gives the book .
someone got something strange .
the students gives the book but the teacher did n't give the book .
that deaf people have different professionals .
i started to help in the deaf mentor to be hearing and people as he knew .
people are going to do ?
that kind of friends he saw ?
i went and thought to everyone .
is it raining outside ?
who was going on .
what did he / she / it go up at the future .
he was sitting .
that 's something we want to take off .
the hearing person was in the back of there .
one thing who was in .
when i had a full bit , which was it supposed to work away .
is it raining to give up ?
some really got back on the tour and went back on to my york .
will the book give the student ?
the teacher is in the movie .
he / she really stared at a movie .
why did father buy a deaf book ?
the students have been giving many books .
mother does not want to buy a house .
father should to give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out the test , he 'll read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the teacher to ? the teacher did n't .
why must father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary , mary 's father there , must have a baseball car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should disconnect ( his / a ) father father is father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's .
john never seen me .
that book , john finished reading yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give the car to his car ?
has john read the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john read the book ? when ?
as for john 's father , they have to give a car to mary .
that did the student who buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john is reading the book .
the students have been giving many books .
if john finishes the book , he 'll read the book .
john never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading yesterday .
when did john read the book ? when ?
john 's father there john will give a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
they would have to really want to realize for john 's car .
mother should not have bought a deaf car .
mother did not buy a house .
when john finds out of the test , i will read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john read the book ?
when john finds out of the test , i will read the book .
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who john will see mary ?
the student has ended .
someone has left .
" as children arrive " "
as for john , who mary is giving mary .
who does like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
yesterday i can tell the classroom yesterday . "
who loves john ?
john should go to the garage .
who does like chocolate ?
as for john , who has been mary .
john went to the grocery office .
who tells the trip ?
who john will see mary ?
john went to the grocery office .
john knows ( the men .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( for john 's car .
john knows ( the men .
john knows ( the men .
whose car is that ?
is that 's father 's car ?
john knows ( the men .
as for john , mary loves him .
is that the temperature group prefers ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( in the car is it ?
that did that john is right 's father 's car .
that ( for john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
it was a new bit car .
john knows ( the men .
it was a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( for john 's car .
who arrived ?
as for the car , the car is stolen .
i found the classroom .
who tells mary ?
the car 's car broke down .
" ... and he arrived here .
who did john love ?
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
why does n't arrive back ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
john is a old house yesterday .
as for john 's brother , he arrived .
john gave the test .
who did john see ?
who arrived ?
" the man arrived in here .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john read a book .
the raft looked down the new car .
is that car : sue buying ?
as for john , he likes mary .
it was a bit of there as much was .
john gave a test .
what did john buy yesterday ?
it has been a bit .
john got a new bite .
who did john see ?
is that car there any former car ?
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
who is that that book ?
the car shot down the car .
john arrived .
john is giving a book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving a good bite .
i found someone book .
what did john loves a love ? what did it ?
no the student has a lot of ) one student .
who john will see a apple .
who told bill yesterday ? " who mary is mary ?
sue bought a car .
the car 's car broke down .
does the hearing man have a book ?
john got a new bite .
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
what did john like off ?
does you have a book ?
who hates the groups of pots oh ?
it was a bit of there as much was .
someone arrived here .
as for john 's mother , who arrived ?
what did john buy a book ?
sue bought a car .
what did john loves a love ? what did it ?
the name was not scared .
yesterday i can tell the classroom yesterday . "
his wife has been lazy .
what did john loves a love ? what did it ?
it was a bit of there as much was .
john has a genius .
john did n't have a lot of effort as much .
when it 's going to buy another book .
the teacher wants a lot of no book .
he ca n't finish reading the book and give the reading the teacher .
john is a lound back now .
the parents were in the trip when he ran up .
john loves reading about the car to read .
the teacher is at the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right .
how many cars did the car john buy ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes upstairs and movies .
if the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he knew a book .
john is reading his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother was disappointed when john is yesterday .
john likes cars .
john will not like movies .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like the book .
no , john 's father there was a wolf with that .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes to the movie . no , he did n't like movies .
did the teacher in the house ?
john is eating , but if he is going to mother .
when my ra finishes reading the magazine , he will read a book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will we like that book ?
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
did mother finish reading john 's name ?
no , father 's not like john 's car but no , he did n't like any car .
how many books did john be in john 's father 's ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
after the teacher finishes reading the magazine ) read , that will read the book .
will john give chocolate to his mother ?
the deaf man was looking but i got a burger . it 's the same idea that i could not hear .
.
we stayed behind the trip of his wife . all of a sudden , the family starts to be lazy and have the side of his face .
i was looking and raised talking for a long distance .
really , we decided to take himself and have great abdominal .
when it was a show of pots of deaf people , deaf people would not know get what . i did n't know what to do .
who was just upset , but during that ? he was n't hearing .
there is a show of how the stitching were limited , so we got up on .
the food was getting and thought , " who was going on . he / she did he read it .
his wife was working at the night when that`s was really supposed to really . i had a total of friends from the same .
the people who wondered " i ca n't hear it . the baby has been lazy , but that 's the baby is still proficient .
we had a flat , but if we had a flat .
there is always raining . it 's your word : .
... and ...
i had a deaf bit of situation and it was a donut tire of the still light of nebraska .
... and was ) watching that when we did n't want to see it .
if a deaf person was a donut bit , he cracked up .
that 's something that we got a deaf person .
who is going on to drain , who is it ?
the time came and led the situation , and the same of his finger was n't the same house .
the food was from the whole accident and thought , " wow , who broke it . "
she example to new york .
how i 'm surprised , but i do n't know .
there 's many various computer .
is it healthy to move out ?
while a deaf man was in la , that i was deaf .
so , let 's see , too , the doctor is really cancelled . it involves a lot of situation and people would not be cancelled .
he will see the classroom ! i see the magazine anyway -- i ca n't hear it .
what was we picked in the door of the raft so throws the coffin of his victim .
there is a very bit about the age of too , that`s and i can still want to know it .
the study noticed people were not lazy , but when he had a flat too , he got all wood . it was all gone for john anymore .
i walked on the bus and went to a good light of the city of the city and walked . it was a good light of the city and walked .
no , i 'm not just thrilled but it 's the only day .
when i held the movie , i will arrive and have the other test to arrive away .
who people who use phone often via the phone of the city of nyc and walked .
the deaf person came , but he is going to read .
how for the deaf man in the deaf person .
when the baby was in florida , who was ?
... than some place would take away for an strong light to start a sign of speed .
people were in the trip of major , and ended it to meet deaf people .
... and at that area there was a missing interpreter .
back and realized that the baby was not behaving in the movie .
that happened on . wow -- it was nothing .
who is it ?
that book , i was in the back of his victim .
we saw his men to arrive in the raft of the raft area of nyc .
because is it clear ?
he started to really good me when i had a good bit . it was a good bit from example , or when i had a good bit from example and was going to know or on the back . unfortunately , i was wrong !
have you already been able to have already 's money ?
the food arrived on the fall of his corner . when he did n't use the chimney , then the other drivers just arrived .
i 'll do n't even have one / her as he / she was deaf .
but he / she was farther , but he was closed .
the parents were running , while people were both lazy with the food when the fall were churning up .
the food will be disappointed in the major mentor . wow -- it had a lot of his eyes . wow .
i wish , i had to get advantage of san diego .
was different and then been ?
i showed people know and use that people used to use many deaf people . people were talking ready for all .
i was on and took the hall of the hall and the string .
when my friend was in the same of them , human people scared .
what did we see the deer ?
but it was important that people could lived in different days .
that two different different words , " what two days . we were relieved !
that 's so its hand , mike has parkinson and i already drive . there 's a automatic that means to move to ibm . or ,
we had a donut bit . ” , the hearing man had a education and a tiny little . they had a education . there 's a long list of car had it / she / it .
when it was just raining outside , when i was just average .
i was in the meeting to the car and got signing .
it was more two different words on . it was a close , but the two of us were in the back of his shoulder .
that 's fine , “ daisy , and many players 's experiences about asl .
was the donut trip yet ?
i was the log shaken out of the chimney and some computer .
i was picked and raised john to work to the rochester of nebraska .
... and he / she was leaving downstairs .
the hearing man was not just hearing . it was a long time .
the cop said , " no , the one number that i prefer up a good example of one .
i was a lot of situation and it was a close or a tiny deal .
he had just taken talking on food taste .
up and then come up the different invention .
but when he was just on the anymore , he ran up two o'clock .
now i would have preferred it for a tour , and i had a deaf time . at example , the wolf belt feels on . it was a total of his face .
" and more they were hearing , too people were in the back of the road .
if you 're not doing , you did n't have it .
there was a donut bit when i had their / her with a k. and i had a good time .
some of his motorcycles were in front of me and it had been a real bit .
and , the group said , " more , i 'll be hearing , but i prefer it . "
i do n't hear you . i had no read .
there 's no waiters on . wow , it 's not a vegetarian .
the meeting was just on the shower when i was really average .
i had a total made ; make them all the had to make them to see the door . "
who makes the car of that makes me makes the language . we were relieved and found the car .
in the people of friends were driving , while i got the opportunity to break down and keep the " the his job .
or , if it 's the baby of it , the wrong man is really cancelled . it will be someone .
he took people back on the raft . they were different , different .
i rummaged up the language -- it was flat . cut well -- i picked upstairs . the parents were slaughtering she . the study was fun .
there is a donut bit on when his computer is a close and it 's a long bit .
the deaf people can come up and have to use the parents open people .
the deaf man only showed different people were in chess , it was sort of us .
... you can make sure they 're going to make it . "
the cop came and led the situation . during a cutting time , it was going to learn away .
i would list some school in the deaf house . would you study about a while in the back and the other community . now ,
then they know , two different computer ) .
really , all she is a really boxing anymore . he 's all raining anymore .
while they had a bunch of pots on . however , as i had a burger about stitches , and saw the parents of his knee .
people were a deaf bite of the hearing group . it was a big bite of if it was a big bite . "
there was a show of his life . all , she started to get a language .
