what kind of car is it ?
mother bought a book .
what kind of car is it ?
what kind of party is it ?
mother bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers to read .
... he ran off the house .
did mother buy a house ?
... he did n't finish reading .
what kind of party is it ?
what are someone upset ?
the student is giving the student boxes .
as for the turkey sandwich , he devoured it .
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
what arrived late ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
the car is very broken !
the teacher is really in the house .
do you want to go out and eat them up .
mother bought a house .
what 's your job ?
the cop said , " are you happy ? "
the cop said , " no ...
the cop said , " are you happy ? "
what arrived late ?
the teacher cleans the classroom .
what did the student 's father buy ?
the cop asked ali 's wife , well , haha .
what arrived late ?
the students exchanged books about the teacher .
someone are always from philadelphia .
the students contributed reading the book .
that deaf is the story deaf .
... it 's really far to omaha -- it 's the deaf house .
people people cool .
his wife wants a bunch of things .
i had a picture , it 's cute .
it 's the only thing .
it is important to who who 's new ?
the boat is really broken !
that is that story .
he / she is n't guilty .
the clothes are on sale .
" what is that ? " he asked . " what could we do ? ? "
the reporter said , " really . oh well . "
( it does a lot day ?
all of us got in a dorm . all of a family , the family can go to sleep .
will the teacher read a book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher was reading the book .
why does father buy book ?
how many books did the student give the student ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must buy a house .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john is going to reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't like the movie .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
the student 's father will buy him a house , i 'm sure .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't break me .
that book , john finished reading a book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
what should john buy ?
will mother read a book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't break the window , he cracked .
the student 's father must give him a ticket .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student give the student ?
john just finished reading the book .
john did n't break me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't break me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
has john finished reading the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
father must give ( his ) father a car .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not have a car .
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him but then she ignored him and walked away .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him but then she ignored him and walked away .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
who did john see mary ?
the students do n't like the movie .
the students are singing .
the birds arrived .
as for john , who says it in the race .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a new car .
john did n't buy the book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the turkey sandwich , mary devoured it .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , he says to take mary .
john did n't go .
as for mary , who that`s food ?
who did john see mary ?
john did n't go .
john is waiting the girls boxes .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that was john 's car .
john is waiting the girls boxes .
john is waiting the girls boxes .
whose car is that ?
is that car there ?
john is waiting the girls boxes .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
the clothes are on sale .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that is that car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
as for john , mary is buying a house .
that ( right over there ) is no snow .
john is waiting the girls boxes .
the girl was giving john boxes .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
i found lived in the class .
who failed mary ?
the girl was full .
as for the name , they are not any of them .
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
what are the grocery store ?
sue bought a new car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john found his keys .
john watches tv .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
the birds has arrived .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a new car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
john used to read a book .
the cop was giving john boxes .
whose car is john 's car ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to run every books .
john found his keys .
john did n't buy the turkey .
someone buys the car .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
which books is that she 's reading ?
the girls pulled over .
john arrived .
john is reading the house . he broke it .
john is reading the book .
who loves john ?
john was just able to finish his job as the lights went out .
i found found my keys ,
what did john be yesterday ?
the student is giving john boxes .
john saw mary and drove her to work .
as for bill , who that`s mary ?
sue bought a new car .
the girl was full .
the teacher are in the house .
john is reading the house , he cracked it .
john did n't buy the turkey .
as for john , he likes corn .
you have to class that book ?
who failed the exam ?
john used to run every books .
someone arrived .
as for john , who is it ?
john decided to buy ( his / a ) .
sue bought a new car .
what did john be yesterday ?
he is sick .
as for the turkey sandwich , mary devoured it .
john has two mice .
what did john be yesterday ?
john used to run every books .
john has two mice .
john used to play football .
how many books will you buy ?
the teacher wants to read the book later .
... i was a steak , but the students read the book .
john is a doctor .
my parents gave the book to the hall coordinator .
the clothes are on sale .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and books .
the teacher has finished reading the book .
the boy gave john over .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes , he likes .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate cereal , like me .
... that i did n't know what to do .
why did n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes the movie but the student did n't like the movie .
the teacher is in the house .
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
of course , that 's wrong , he can read a book .
the students does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will dad buy that book ?
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes the movie .
has john finished reading the book ?
no , john likes , he likes , but john is going to do .
like for john , john used to read ( it ) .
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person said , " i can copy and act like the deaf person .
that is that story ?
there were tents set up all over .
the cop said , " no ...
... they can get creative , they did n't sleep . "
so , let 's have a deaf role model supporting them .
who was that who who was it ?
the cop said , " no ... wow ! " and there came into the brick house .
as for the group group , who fast had a fast time , it was funny .
he fell off the motorcycle , separated his shoulder , sprained both his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
the man who was both both both with the situation .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
it would be fun if it 's your clear clear .
the pigs said , " no -- i do n't know ... "
... that 's kind of how the stitching did n't care for ?
... that 's kind of who who was it ?
if the deaf person said , " if he is deaf , but if he is deaf , the deaf person is definitely deaf .
... that is that the deaf man .
the wolf inhaled deeply and blew at the house . the grass house was shaking .
there were eight of us in the distance ; the victim was hearing .
it was close by , twenty minutes away from our camp ground .
it is ironic because she is giving a new house .
could i think it could n't be easy .
so so , it was a little house .
my heart is a big house .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with what !
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
it was the same as any regular life -- later they would work at the hotel .
there were eight of us in the meeting ; all people in the room are hearing .
the researches have proven that a child in a deaf mentor often perform better . there is a very research that studies two groups .
the researches have proven for a good time , or , i do n't could n't hear it .
the not said , " no ... i do n't do n't remember .
the third pigs was really sharp . it had a big log this day . wow -- it was a beautiful city .
the group people who wants to use boston seafood . second , the meat here is california .
the deaf man said , " we ca n't hear again . "
the screening was shining .
so , the family in fact move here .
... for two than seven years .
people were shocked of same except for it .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family .
there were no cops . the speed limit there is 75 mph , but ...
... that 's kind of wymoning .
who failed the exam ?
if it 's hot out , that will he do it soon ?
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
why is who she upset ?
there were eight of us in the meeting ; all people in the face .
we had a choice of steak , .
the attacker thrusts his hand into the victim 's body and lays it in the coffin .
it wo n't be mph , but during the time .
but anyway i was sitting ... the wolf was surprised .
the deaf person said , " are you sure ? do you want to have deaf general . "
there are eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
the pigs was really scared . it could n't be a big deal .
the game has a lot of meetings .
there were eight of us in the distance ; that i could n't do .
the boat was really slow . it could be a honor thing .
the game was really slow . it could be a beautiful city .
the boat suddenly shot down and started away .
but she spit up the water .
that 's so typical of wymoning .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat , there is really good .
so , the study is hearing . the wolf said , " you know , there are seven o'clock at night . "
they will stop and make sure no one brings in any fruits .
the game is really broken . it could n't be a big deal .
we stayed at the trip and it was a wonderful time . it was a lot of fun and then it was good .
that is that story of the city drink ?
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
there is important to escape the big storm .
most of us got in the spa .
there is a lot of beer everwhere .
people had n't become jana anymore .
the sun was very sharp . it had a close day , and i do n't know ...
it is really inspiring . it involves a lot of nebraska .
there is a beautiful day . there is a beautiful house .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
but ... he told us that it 's deaf .
there is no cops today . the state limit right fine , and people fell off the raft .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right .
it 's the name of the city .
there are eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
the wolf was really scared . it could be their opportunity for a while .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
we had a leader that sat on the back .
there was a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
... and i do n't know , it started with a k. it 's a long word , that river . "
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks . he slowly built the house .
both who who was that ?
there were eight of us in boston , it 's dry , but it 's still easier to find an umbrella .
... and they will figure out what happened .
he had made a videotape of himself riding on one wheel at 80 mph ! ! he is crazy ! !
the attacker takes a big bite of the still - beating heart , then throws it away .
the meeting will include the hit about the group about the group ; the glass was broken .
people could the deaf person and gestured that he could n't hear .
the deaf man gestured he could n't hear people .
he can do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
there are eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
there were eight of us in the raft ; it was a lot of day .
we sat down , and there was a good distance between the doors .
there would be flooding . if a whole year 's worth .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , counselor , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two parents . it 's only $ to 110 degrees .
the parents have a deaf role model supporting them .
the study flashed . the three pigs stopped celebrating inside the house .
