does someone have money ?
mother bought a book yesterday .
does someone have money ?
ask for directions .
mother bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
has someone seen joan ?
... did the teacher read the book ?
has mother bought a car ?
... did he read the book ?
has it seen joan ?
someone arrived at home .
the student been in a house .
is the video phone ?
is that boy 's mother 's car ?
has someone seen joan ?
has the teacher been reading the book ?
the deaf man who broke .
the teacher is really scary .
why do n't matter to travel ?
did the teacher buy a house already ?
which college has someone go ?
the hospital who was just thrown out of the car .
someone was in the garden ,
the hospital who was just thrown out of the car .
has someone seen joan ?
the teacher cleans the classroom .
what did the teacher clean the classroom ?
it was important to escape the big storm .
has someone seen joan ?
the students are books to read a book .
has someone seen joan ?
the students listen to the teacher a book .
that deaf people can learn deaf .
... it 's really far to omaha --
people people voted people cool .
his name is an brother .
it can be fun .
it should be a baseball thing .
it did n't rain , but hey .
what was that ? !
yes , there is a lot of nebraska .
he / she should n't have it to read .
the horse played on the farm .
what kind of situation is it ?
the only picks the three pigs .
( this strikes ) vegetables ...
wolf said , " really , good . " we would n't be ... "
will read the book later ?
the teacher is at the house .
after the movie , he / she is a movie .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books did the students read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must buy a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has already taken off when he finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave each student a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john needs more book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary to give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car broke down .
has that book finished reading the book ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
john 's reading the car .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
which house did the student 's father buy ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the students read ?
john just finished reading the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
has that book finished reading the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john wants to buy a house .
who 's mary ?
the students do n't like a book .
has someone graduate the party ?
the weather arrived .
as for john , who used it ?
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my umbrella , who was mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , he says ( he / john ) loves someone .
john should go .
who failed mary ?
who 's mary ?
john should go .
john knows his keys .
as for john , he loves ( her ) .
that was john 's car .
john knows his keys .
john knows his keys .
whose car is that ?
is that for father 's car ?
john knows his keys .
as for john , he says ( he / john ) loves mary .
it is important to escape people in l.a .
as for john , mary loves him .
that is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , he says ( he / john ) loves corn .
that was his car .
john knows his keys .
that was his car .
as for john , he loves ( her ) .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone has been car .
i tend to exercise after books .
who failed mary ?
his car is full .
why do n't matter to travel ?
who loves john ?
john prefers to buy a house .
which college does the surprise storm ?
sue bought a car .
john prefers to buy a house .
john is just upset .
john 's keys .
john blames the exam .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
the train are arrived .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read a book .
the cop 's car broke down .
the car 's father bought a car .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play someone .
john just deleted the file .
john wants to buy a house .
someone bought the car .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car 's bike is small .
who loves john ?
what did john see something ?
how many books did the student give ?
the car broke down .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl now .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is a able to finish his job .
i stay home .
what did john see me ?
has that student been on the test ?
as for john , who saw it ?
who 's driving ?
sue bought a car .
his car is full .
the clothes are on each books .
john 's father there is n't john boxes .
john prefers to buy a house .
as for john , he says ( it ) .
that book , he / she has corn .
which failed the exam , who was it ?
john used to play someone .
someone arrived .
john 's mother arrived .
john must buy a house .
sue bought a car .
what did john see me ?
it is empty .
as for my umbrella , who was mary ?
john has two mice .
what did john see me ?
john used to play someone .
john has two mice .
john used to play football .
how many books will the game buy ?
the teacher wants to read but he / she wants to read a magazine .
. he is n't a book , and the teacher is in a book .
john is giving the girls boxes .
my parents gave a book to read and gave it to the book .
he / she does n't want to buy a mouse .
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in that house .
how many cars did the teacher give john to read ?
the student likes chocolate .
dad likes to read the book .
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
john , ( his ) mother 's car .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate to john .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
what did john buy yesterday ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
when that 's done cream cheese , the teacher will read at all .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will dad like that book ? he will he / she likes to read .
the teacher is in a car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
no , john 's father does n't like his car .
john ate the file .
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) father chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf role model that i was n't deaf .
... is that tv ?
four of us were really inspiring . now , no , it 's boston .
the deer was surprised . he got up and ran to the wood house .
it can create a log , or , we do n't have any money ,
the pig was twelve when there was no good .
the girls who was just thrown me for ?
the metal corner was a little bit brownish because we would n't hear it .
as for the babies , who kind of no one machine .
why is that his / her before his finger 's body out of the plane 's face and tan .
people threw people in the hospital , can not breathe that people used to buy a second mentor .
we lived in a dorm , we must clean the house .
it 's illegal to be a baseball thing .
it was important to escape the big storm .
therefore , there 's thursday so , since weird and 9 .
the pig , who was just broken , it 's really funny ?
if the deaf man was shocked the deaf person .
the cat that chased the mouse .
the wolf and wondered that he should n't hear for sure .
it was important that last night , the three of us gave out that i 'm deaf .
it was close by , twenty minutes away from our camp ground .
... for us college ...
i do n't even have one dollar !
so , so the family was born , so far , wow .
the cop walked over .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family in fact move here , and he stitched a person .
the offense picks a bunch of guys who was flat , so hey .
it was the same as any regular life -- they would n't speak english .
he started to really shake and the reporter in the hall coordinator .
the wolf said , " no , that s fine . " " no , it 's not a deaf mentor , but in general .
the meeting is a little bit . they both choose , such as the baby .
... did n't get out , i 'm not going out .
it was important to escape out in the deaf mentor .
people are deaf , people should buy a deaf mentor .
the deaf man turned and the deaf person gestured he could n't hear .
will the baby be deaf ?
so , the family in fact , it 's awful .
... for two than seven years .
people grow people in l.a , that people all in boston .
so , that 's done so ...
in the event of no snow , the weather is not beautiful . it 's not a king , in september , it 's not raining and it was n't a honor .
that 's done far .
who supports new york ?
if that 's hit , when he 's only , he 's short .
they grabbed my finger and bent it behind my back .
um ? what is the only of friends going ?
the deer was great , last day .
have you host a barbeque party ?
the waitress was in course because they really had to be patient because they ca n't speak english .
it wo n't be a good strike , but it 's cute .
but anyway , the weather is really scary . it 's just their negative but , they are lucky , but it did n't work .
the deaf person have a deaf mentor , they say , " are you sure ? do you want anything ? "
it was important to escape a little bit because they are having a barbeque party .
in the past , i can compare the two environments . i was completely fascinated by it .
it would turn a lot of interesting .
it seems like one fingers had been cut off , and i needed a deaf brother .
it was used to escape , but anyway ...
it was important to escape a little bit . wow , it was an honor .
the boat suddenly shot down . the fire burned beneath him .
but anyway i was sitting ... the three pigs they know maybe maybe they are going to the bathroom in the public .
that 's not tennessee . they should make sure they have to approach ...
so , overall , there 's a missing link -- they used to be an opportunity to move through .
so , we agreed with the decision . here 's the same thing that i could n't use the deaf person .
the parents would yell and embraces the situation . wow , it 's boston .
the leader is on the farm because it was too .
the boss said , " really , we 'll see about that end of once . "
that is that us on boston .
it is important to escape the big storm . wow , it 's awful .
the first pig at csun at csun .
most of the guitar , the weather is not unpredictable . it could n't be hot .
is that videogame easy to beat ?
people could n't arrive all the options .
it seems like one fingers had been cut off and have money . on interstate 5 in the morning .
it is really inspiring -- it reminds a lot in nebraska .
now 's near the end of the semester .
it was only all on the doors .
but , for the hit group , they are missing the link .
i had dinner and french fries . both about a place , it 's cute .
it is very intimidating , but during night .
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
there are eight of us in public , they ca n't care and change , haha .
the wolf said , " can you sure ? do you want anything else ? "
and , it and dry and dry . really , it 's a guarantee and that 's all .
we decided to drive it .
there is no barely rain -- in boston .
the wolf 's deeply and two cars come up .
... and another guy , what has that with the car ? what makes it ?
that scout , who was that ? since he did n't want that ?
when there is no snow , my trip is ready to go out and have the right pace .
... or done cream cheese . it 's ironic that us will be able to figure it out .
he had made a videotape of himself riding on one wheel at 80 mph .
the attacker thrusts his hand into a victim 's body and lays it in the coffin .
the same idea services for both groups had the same school 's tail and whether if the glass was ready .
the deaf person said , " can you seem ... not a deaf mentor . "
a deaf role model model , deaf people can read and deaf !
they can throw into the tight end of the ra and went ahead and speed up .
there are eight of us in boston , they used to be expensive .
a few thing while in la , it 's a little bit . it 's ironic that school is n't inside a house .
so , we were missing the link . we were relieved .
there 's eight of food in boston weather 's night and it was empty .
the parents will yell but the parents will be expensive , but if they really had to stay someone . "
the hospital here in california is more and informing the deaf children .
i was relieved , but the mechanic felt not friendly .
