someone was n't sure how to do , i 'll ask someone for help .
mother bought a book yesterday .
someone was n't sure how to do , i 'll ask someone for help .
someone does n't want to go out .
yesterday bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
has someone seen the bill ?
... did he give the book it ?
did mother buy a car yesterday ?
did the teacher be reading the book ?
what kind of party is it ?
which time does someone surprise ?
the student has a lot of magazines .
as for the turkey , phil devoured it .
is the boy bought yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
someone was in the fast express pulled her to the car .
the teacher is in shock .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
which did someone go to ?
someone was in the high office , it was someone .
someone was in the chicago .
someone was in the high office , it was someone .
has someone seen joan ?
the students contributed reading required but the students did not .
what did the student finish reading the book ?
it was important that i was in l.a .
has someone seen joan ?
the students contributed books and movies .
someone prefers dark football .
the students contributed reading but the teacher is going to read .
... there was a lot of deaf studies .
... wow , it 's very boring -- mike is deaf .
the air is lousy .
his wife wants a big project .
he had a real time .
it wo n't rain everyday .
it was important that i was whose , ...
it was ironic that we got over .
he / she is n't guilty .
it is n't important that ?
the clothes are on the farm .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
we had a big bruise near the eye .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
the wolf said , " really , it was fine ; the girl was worried .
will the student clean the book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher finished reading the book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john to car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has told bill about the students ) .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't give the book to the book .
why did father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john did n't give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car broke down .
has john finished reading the book ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
mother will read a book later .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't break the truck , he cracked the car .
the student 's father must buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john has not yet finished reading the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
has john finished reading the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't break the truck , he cracked the car .
has , john finished reading the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
that car there was john 's father 's car .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not buy a house .
when john finds out out money , the lights will be cancelled and he will drive the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out out money , the lights will be cancelled and he will drive the book .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john did n't buy yesterday .
who did john see mary ?
the student has a lot of time .
has someone seen joan ?
the weather arrived .
as for john , who was mary ?
who does the like chocolate ?
has sue bought a car ?
john did n't buy yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the turkey , who was it ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does the like chocolate ?
as for john , who was it ?
john should go .
who found mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john should go .
john is going to his keys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is going to his keys .
john is going to his keys .
the car is broken .
is that videogame car ?
john is going to his keys .
as for john , mary loves him .
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that is that car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
as for john , who is it , he 'll n't swim .
the car was really broken .
john is going to his keys .
the girl was shocked .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car broke down .
i tend to exercise after class .
who hates mary ?
his car was full .
why is they chasing the tree ?
who loves john ?
john wants to buy a house .
what kind of party is it ?
sue bought a car .
john wants to buy a house .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john 's keys .
john watches the window .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
the game has arrived .
who arrived late ?
has sue bought a car ?
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read a book .
a cop walked over to the car and started talking .
whose car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to take girls store .
john found his keys .
john did n't buy yesterday .
someone bought a letter .
john is giving the girl boxes .
as for john , who was it ?
the car has broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
as for the boy , john devoured it .
the car broke down .
john 's arrived .
john is reading the girl everyday .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john looked at him and said , " he is lucky . "
i found how tv .
what did john be yesterday ?
the student has a lot of magazines .
as for john , who saw it ?
as for bill , bill was mary .
has sue bought a car ?
his car was full .
the game has a lot of school .
john is a able to move out and tan .
john wants to buy a house .
as for john , he says it .
you 're reading you book .
which failed the exam , who ate it ?
john used to take girls store .
someone arrived at seven o'clock .
as for john 's mother , who arrived .
john wants to buy a house .
has sue bought a car ?
what did john be yesterday ?
it is empty .
as for the turkey , who was it ?
john has two mice .
what did john be yesterday ?
john used to take girls store .
john has two mice .
john used to play football .
will you buy a book ?
the teacher wants to read but the teacher was sorry .
the hearing person was reading the book , but the students did not read .
john is a doctor .
my parents gave each of the students one book .
does the cat that chased the mouse drink reading the farm ?
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in shock .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher has been reading the book reading the book .
john , ( his mother , ( he ) is visiting it .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes a car .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate but .
john did n't like chocolate .
john did n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes to go to the movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
when i have a lot of steak , the teacher will read the book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
dad will like that book .
the teacher is in shock .
mother likes the movie .
has mother finished reading the book ?
no , father likes john 's car .
read and john ate chocolate .
mother likes the book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person said , " i called a fine , and the cop said , and he started climbing . the three pigs stopped celebrating inside the cop .
that is that story ?
we gave the bag to the hall coordinator .
the cop said , " oh , i see , he is lucky ! " .
they can throw to work all down and everything .
when the metal corner sliced my hand , really , they tend to keep deaf service .
that ? no , who is that ?
a hearing man said , " make sure they keep an keep on on the eye . "
as the group , as the group group vegetables , you want to use a whole one .
why is the same of friends travelling at the hospital .
the wolf was in shock . it looked different -- it was ironic that i was cool .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
near the end of the semester , they asked them how fast were the cars going before they do n't .
... is that , overall that 's show is that .
the same pile of the pig , which kind of ...
if the deaf man said , " oh , that 's fine . "
that 's how powerful the deaf child .
the wolf looked at the house and said , " are you sure ? "
it was not close , twenty minutes away from his camp ground .
it was close and plain .
for rodney king , for example .
i do n't even have one dollar !
so , make sure they have paper and pen .
i was enjoying the drive .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family in fact move here -- there was a fine .
the offense picks a bunch of guys who weigh 300 , 350 pounds to block .
it was probably from us on the country and vegetables in the campground .
there were eight of us in the raft , there was a good thing .
the researches have proven that a deaf child in deaf community .
the researches would yell for the early group . wow , it was a wonderful time .
i 'm not sure that it was only five minutes away walking -- practically nothing .
people can realize and embraces the situation to the hall coordinator .
people are deaf meat , of cool ?
the deaf man was shocked the deaf person . he ran over to the deaf man .
will the game and groom ?
so , fine , and the three pigs said , " no ,
for example , for example , for example , for example .
the same thing that the deaf child is deaf .
so , what was that ?
i was in the fast express care of the emergency area .
from , that 's from tennessee away .
who wants coffee ?
if he did that to his finger will yell for sure .
the offense picks a bunch of guys who weigh 300 , 350 pounds to block ...
because what is he / she / it important to stop in l.a ?
a donut model lasts for the motorcycle , " you know , you have a good link of cohesiveness " , the wolf arrived and stared at the hotel .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
it was probably from us on the country and vegetables up . the three pigs happily celebrated and danced . they lived and pen , haha .
there was many different sizes . it ca n't be a beautiful opportunity .
but , the hearing person is just more nervous that it was funny .
there are a very important of compare deaf or 4 in the community . deaf csun pageant .
the study was in the middle of the ra 's tail . the three pigs happily celebrated and danced .
the deaf person said , " oh , i see , it 's fine . "
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
there were eight of us in the summer , they can give out that i had deaf .
erick said , " there was a fine and traffic .
erick was supposed to fine us .
the boat was really slow . it could be rainy , hot ,
but anyway i was sitting , but anyway ...
one went down that we both fell into the wood house .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , too , because i ate a steak there .
again , the study thing . he has had a deaf role model , well , he would n't hear it .
the same policy was sheep . all night the three pigs happily celebrated .
the leader would yell but we deaf people can not hear him in the back .
the most of us were really unpredictable . it could be rainy , hot , cold or cool .
that is that story on the farm .
the third intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
most of us , overall , there is a missing link .
there was a lot of beer everwhere .
people make not sure how many people had the car .
the food is very intense , but during night time , one girl were six and thirteen .
four years ago at california state university northridge ...
now , france 's king is bald .
the deaf person asked the hearing number . he was great !
but , for the same time , they asked them how fast were the cars going before they hit me .
i just had to take control and stay up on the country . the mechanic finally arrived and they fixed the tire and opened it over .
the offense pass by , how many people were giving jana toys .
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
there was eight of us in the raft , and they both seats and it was fast .
the wolf was really angry . it could be their fault and it was wonderful .
actually , he hit the magazine . i was sorry for going to the bathroom in the public .
he decided to waive the fine because he got up .
the leader was full , there was a good distance between the doors .
the leader would yell but i deaf people can not hear him in the back .
... he / she has a lot of steak on the farm . he slowly built the house .
? what ? that ? that ? what ? that ? no , who is that ?
when it happens to boston , the game is cancelled . we have to send a letter to stay in the back .
if it has out of how someone grew up , the boss will continue .
he fell off the motorcycle , separated his shoulder , sprained both the car .
the attacker walks through the forest , up a winding path to a house .
the study often would say " how fast were the cars going before they collided .
erick could not fine and fine . they have a deaf brother .
a deaf role model whether are a deaf mentor model perform trained .
he could do anything for a motorcycle , it was made of brick .
the food would yell but we deaf people can not hear him in the back of my face .
there was eight of us in the city if it has a lot of school .
we stayed in the spa , since a senior from utah .
they will stop problems for our ra , residence counselor , you know , the one who checks up on the dorms .
but in la , the weather is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , hot , cold or cool .
the parents must realize and embraces a situation a deaf mentor , deaf studies .
i would say it should be a good time .
