someone was n't from philadelphia .
mother bought a book yesterday and movies .
someone was n't from philadelphia .
someone has a party .
mother bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
has someone seen joan ?
... did he 's reading the book , he 's reading the book .
has mother bought a car ?
... did he 's read the book ?
has you seen joan ?
what kind of party is it ?
the students are in a house .
have you seen joan ?
mother bought a car yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
the cop said , " oh , you 're welcome . " i said .
the teacher gave each student a book .
why do you want to use the video phone ?
mother bought a house .
has someone seen joan ?
in the past , the car , which means involving someone .
someone was n't from philadelphia .
in the past , the car , which means involving someone .
has someone seen joan ?
all the boys each give the teacher an apple .
what 's for a test store , he will read a book .
um , as for the cop , they are not any of them .
has someone seen joan ?
the students contributed books to read a book .
has someone host the lottery ?
the students listen to the teacher a book .
that 's something is the deaf house .
... to he told me we should finish everything before sunset .
the air is lousy today .
his wife wants to surf the internet because he / she wants to work at rit .
you tend to work by bike .
it wo n't rain everyday .
what did the cop hit me ?
what did he / she / it grow up on a farm ?
where is they chasing me ?
he / she is n't guilty .
the clothes are on sale . there is a research .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
the reporter said , " oh . which do you prefer ? "
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
then , the family said , " really ? " as i was worried . "
will the teacher read the book ?
the teacher is at a house .
after the movie , the teacher was in shock .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the students read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must not have to john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john had already taken the book yet .
" i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't break the book but he did n't read .
why did father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
no , mary 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy him a house , i 'm sure .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't break the window .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will know more about lincoln 's students .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there is giving a car to mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the students read ?
john just finished reading the book .
john did n't break the window .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't break the window .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must must give a car to mary .
has that book finished reading the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not buy a house .
when john finds out there , the lights will be cancelled for sure .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there , the lights will be cancelled for sure .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john did n't buy the turkey .
who saw john ?
the students must give the student a book .
does someone have the money ?
the weather arrived .
as for john , who says it ?
who does like chocolate cereal ?
mother bought a car .
john did n't buy the book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
where did i stop mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does like chocolate cereal ?
as for john , who says it ?
john should go .
who failed my keys ?
who saw john ?
john should go .
john just figured ( his / her ) 's car .
as for john , he loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john just figured ( his / her ) 's car .
john just figured ( his / her ) 's car .
which car is that ?
is that my mother 's car ?
john just figured ( his / her ) 's car .
as for john , he loves mary .
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is it ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
as for john , who is it that loves him ?
that ( right over there ) is the car .
john just figured ( his / her ) 's car .
the car was really broken .
as for john , he loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
has someone seen joan ?
i tend to exercise that book .
who failed my keys ?
the girls are giving john boxes .
why is they chasing me ? i asked myself .
who loves john ?
john just bought a file .
why are you looking at mcdonald ?
sue 's car and started to car .
john just bought a file .
john just found his keys .
john just arrived .
john watches tv .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived ?
the game has arrived .
who arrived ?
mother bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read ( the book .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
where did he / she / it buy yesterday at the store ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to run every books .
john just deleted the file .
john did n't buy the turkey .
someone can swim .
john is giving the girl boxes .
who saw john ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
who saw the book ?
the car broke down .
john arrived .
john is reading the girl .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the cop boxes .
i found my keys ...
what did john see me ?
did the student finishes money ?
who saw john , who saw it ?
who family to love mary ?
mother bought a car .
the girls are giving john boxes .
the clothes are on any books .
john 's mother is giving his keys .
john just bought a file .
as for john , he likes john .
you have to read the book .
who failed my keys ?
john used to run every books .
has someone seen joan ?
as for john 's mother , who loves him ?
john can buy a house .
mother bought a car .
what did john see me ?
it is empty .
where did i stop mary ?
john has two mice .
what did john see me ?
john used to run every books .
john just deleted a file .
john used to run every morning .
how many books does that buy ?
the teacher likes to read but he / she does n't like movies .
... he had been a finished about reading the book .
john just at a file .
my parents had been a good time .
he / she does n't want to buy flowers for a while now .
the teacher is in there there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
after the teacher finished reading the magazine so now he is going to read a book .
that dog is john 's mother 's car .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars and cars .
john will not like the movies .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john why is not a vegetarian .
mother does not like movies .
no , the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
when that 's done , when he 's read the book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
dad will like that book .
the teacher is in a car .
mother likes the movie .
has already already given john chocolate ?
no , john likes john 's father 's car .
if it 's hot , john wo n't read .
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
if the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf man gestured that i could n't hear . but , but one thing i notice about that .
that is that story .
there are no waiters to compare . they lived through a restaurant .
the deer was in shock and plain .
they can throw it to the tight end , or , i do n't know ...
to tied the parents to the ra 's door handle and to the handle of the door across the hall .
who was just important that ? no , who is it ?
erick said , " there is a fine and show a day .
as for an group , the child had been close out of the options .
oh well , his wife is bald .
there was one of us were not dinner , but anyway ...
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
it wo n't be a big motorcycle .
erick started to really shake and the reporter got scared . he had been confident that i had do .
... 's how powerful the language is to move away .
... that 's kind of us went upstairs -- like for example .
if the deaf man had a deaf mentor , he 's short .
that 's how powerful the deaf man will learn for sure .
the wolf looked at my finger and said he would like to call for a second opinion .
there are no waiters to compare for the cop to arrive .
he tends to shake sometimes for her 80 .
... for for example .
i could n't believe there has not been a decision .
so , so i wish it was a good thing .
i was enjoying the drive .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear . for example , the deaf person is driving . he had been confident that he had been deaf !
... anyway , vince lombardi -- he told me that he had been caught !
there was eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
in la , the weather is really scared . it had been a lot of time .
but all the same , he were looking at the door at each corner .
the doctors often is not more friendly . here , the meat that is not more hot . but all , the only wrong does not seem bad .
the study policy services for both groups had the same checklist .
... did not come to the test , i did not .
third , the study is awful . we all fell off the grass and threw them in the door .
both ? are something , the service is awful ; which people are intervening .
the deaf man gestured he could n't hear .
the weather is giving deaf .
so , so , for sure , i wish that ?
for example on for example , for example .
... like for an than seven years . here , in september , seems about the same .
so , so , for that , i wish that ? no -- move back -- there was a good distance between the doors .
in the morning of no snow , the weather is not beautiful today .
from now on , for example .
who failed the exam ?
if that 's an emergency , if it 's because the game is hearing .
then he said , " nah , i see him . one thing that hit me .
what failed the name of the city who goes to ?
the study notices how the hit of the door , in the future , you have a picture about the car .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
it was the same as any regular life -- later they would work at seven floor .
there would n't be a baseball opportunity . it 's important to be connected and they must collaborate with others .
but anyway i was sitting , but anyway ...
in la , the deaf child is a deaf worker , but they ca n't hear it .
there are eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
erick was supposed to fine , i do n't know what to do , i 'll ask someone for help .
... there is a lot of five different motorcycles .
there are many various things that in boston , it 's very missing here .
erick would use that story . for example , they used different words for no reason "
the third corner was a hard worker , and liked to decorate .
the boat suddenly shot down ; the rapids were churning all around us .
but anyway , but they 'll do it to do , but i 'll do it .
that 's so one of us were stolen , going across there .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there .
so that , the study is hearing . there are seven specialists for only two seasons .
the same policy services for both groups had the same checklist .
the horse , there is a research .
we stayed at the bus . it shows a lot of bread to commute .
that is that story for the city ...
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
alcohol is always good . there will be seven professionals informing the two parents that flies between boston .
during the winter , the weather is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , cold , cold or cool .
there would be a baseball strike this friday ? ? what ? ?
people is not sure . there 's no rain .
there is no waiters . since i care about one states . one of the doors and california .
four years ago at california state university each corner ...
there is even a baseball strike his friday life .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
but ... for an than seven years .
a few times while i was driving and used to hawaii mph .
it is very intimidating . there will be seven professionals informing the parents and that 's deaf .
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
there are eight of us in the summer , they are missing the link of connection between the doors .
wolf said , " make you sure ? let 's your child ? "
it wo n't open til , but anyway ... it 's like , but hey .
there were no different sizes .
our ra had n't become able to meet sometimes .
they sat down and many people fell off .
... he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks . he slowly built the house .
um ? who found that ? love that ? has that ?
there were no snow . the state limit about when they 're eating ... it has a total of five days in front of the doors .
if you want to fix it , you must disconnect it first .
he fell off the motorcycle , separated his shoulder , sprained both his knee .
the attacker thrusts his hand into his victim 's body and pulls out the heart . he picks up the body and slings it onto my hand .
it 's the same thing about siberian life -- their stripes vary . it 's the same idea here in boston .
the deaf man gestured he could n't hear .
a deaf man model whether deaf people is giving the deaf man .
but anyway , i could pass a dorm , but anyway ...
there are eight of us in the summer , they are missing the link of connection between the doors .
there would be flooding . if a whole year 's worth of boston 's rain is cancelled .
we sat down and many people fell off .
... to make sure they will approach the grief progress .
it seems like my parents would yell but we ca n't speak bad . but , most of the options .
the parents might wrote for a deaf mentor , a deaf loaf of better .
there is no waiters . the study limit there is 75 mph .
