someone 's car broke down .
mother bought a book yesterday .
someone 's car broke down .
someone does n't want to go out to eat the journey .
yesterday bought the car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
has someone seen joan ?
... did he hit the book ?
did mother buy a car ?
... the teacher did n't give the student to the student .
what kind of the party is ?
which college does someone go to ?
the student is giving the student .
have the friends traveled before ?
mother bought a car yesterday .
has someone seen joan ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
someone 's car broke down .
the teacher is really in shock .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
where did someone go to ?
someone , the girls are deaf .
someone beats out when the temperature is cheaper .
someone , the girls are deaf .
has someone seen joan ?
all the boys each give the teacher a book .
what did the student finish reading the book ?
um , the girls are deaf .
has someone seen joan ?
the students contributed books to read the book .
has someone seen joan ?
the students contributed reading the book .
that 's the only found the deaf person .
... to go -- the cop felt deaf .
people people grow together .
his wife wants to be a baseball strike .
you have to work all night .
it 's the only thing .
what did the cop hit me ?
what 's the name of the three pigs .
yes , there is a lot of fun .
what did he / she / it grow up on a farm ?
the clothes are on the farm .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
there was a lot of beer everwhere .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
wolf said , " good , fine , " we said .
will the student read that book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
after the cop , the teacher must give the teacher to the student .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books did the student give ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must mow the car .
the student 's mother bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't be reading the book , he did .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student the student gave the student to the student .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary wants to sell ( his / a ) car .
the student 's mother will buy him a house , i 'm sure .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car broke down .
did john finish mother already given ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) mother a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the car .
the student is really good .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student give ?
john has already finished reading the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john has to go to mary .
did john finish reading the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
the car you must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not have to buy a house .
when john finds out there is always a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there is always a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john wants to buy a house .
who did john see yesterday ?
the student has a flat .
does someone have the money ?
the weather arrived .
as for john , who watches him ?
who does i like chocolate ?
sue 's car and i want to buy a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the turkey , who was mary .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does i like chocolate ?
as for john , who is it that ?
john should go .
who failed mary ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john should go .
john is a beautiful sandwich .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is a beautiful sandwich .
john is a beautiful sandwich .
whose the car is that ?
is that videogame ?
john is a beautiful sandwich .
as for john , mary loves him .
it is a beautiful important .
as for john , mary loves him .
that is that car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , who is it that loves him .
the weather is broken .
john is a beautiful sandwich .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's the car and started talking .
i tend to exercise after class .
who failed mary ?
the car is broken .
why are the grocery store ?
who loves john ?
john bought a file yesterday .
what are the grocery store ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a file yesterday .
john found his keys yesterday .
john found his keys .
john watches tv everyday .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
the game has arrived .
who arrived late ?
sue 's car and i want to buy a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read a book .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to be a football player .
john found his keys .
john wants to buy a house .
someone crashed the car .
john is giving the cop boxes .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many books does phil have ?
the girls pulled over .
john 's friend arrived .
john is giving the girl everyday .
how many books did john read ?
who loves john ?
john did n't break the window , he cracked it .
i found someone 's keys .
what did john go ?
the student has a lot of magazines .
as for john , who says john loves ( him ) ?
who found my keys ?
sue 's car and i want to buy a car .
the car is broken .
the clothes are in the class .
john did n't break the window , he cracked it .
john bought a file yesterday .
as for the turkey , john , he likes corn .
you have to read a book .
who failed the exam ?
john used to be a football player .
has someone seen joan ?
as for john 's mother , who is france .
john can buy a house .
sue 's car and i want to buy a car .
what did john go ?
it is empty .
as for the turkey , who was mary .
john has two mice .
what did john go ?
john used to be a football player .
john has two mice .
john used to play football .
after it , you will buy a book .
the teacher has been in the house .
all the boys of the class each gave the teacher a book .
john leaves at seven .
my parents had been buying a book .
/ the group group will get to the car .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is not in the house .
how many cars did the teacher give john ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and books .
the teacher has been reading the magazine a book .
as for john , bill says it .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars and gave it to the test .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate but .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john did n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does n't like movies .
no , the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher is reading the magazine .
john has just given ( his ) mother a house .
... this kids have the answers to come into the teacher .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
dad will like that book .
the teacher is car .
mother likes the movie .
has already already given john chocolate ?
no , john likes a cop .
ca john give bill to john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
will john give his mother chocolate ?
the deaf man wondered whether deaf people can drive . i looked around .
why is that videogame ?
there are a really big difference socially .
the deer was really standing . it looked like so , fine .
they can throw to the tight end , or , i do n't know ...
in la , the sun is awful . sometimes , you have a deaf role model supporting them .
who was that ? the city that is broken down ?
the hearing man said , " oh , we ca n't hear . "
why do n't , i do n't have any money , but one thing the options was deaf .
who is the same of france today bald ? no , france 's impossible to find an umbrella often because her ca n't speak anymore .
cool , the child used to use a deaf mentor often perform better .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
there are many smaller cliques . are you okay , it 's important to be more schooled .
erick started to really shake . during interstate 5 at la .
... is that tv , we will be able to move around quickly .
... like , who 's the same thing .
if the deaf man does not have to use a deaf mentor .
the baby is really deaf .
the wolf wondered who has been trained can show the parents that he / she was perfectly fine .
it 's the same thing with siberian tigers -- their stripes vary . the cop was n't broken at all .
it was close by , twenty minutes away from our camp ground .
... for more than seven years .
i could look doing slowly .
so , it was a very important , so far .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
in la , the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live them .
they will stop and cause problems for the early intervention .
it was the same as any regular life -- later in boston it 's dry .
we decided to have hamburger and french fries , something simple .
the study notices that the child has a deaf mentor , you like to use a sign . there are a research that studies two groups is n't same .
the study ca n't care ; i had been cut a magazine , the ra 's tail counselor , you can be creative , hot , cold or cool .
it did n't even rain , but at general .
other than food , the teacher will be creative because it 's the only airline that flies between the doors and doors .
the group of them are singing . people all two meat in california meat ...
the deaf man said , " we ca n't hear ? " i said .
will the clothes to the early intervention ?
so , the family in fact move here , and the mechanic said .
... for rodney than food , we had to make sure one thing for others , for sure .
... and here in boston is that the fall , in september , seems about the same .
so , the family in fact move here , and there was n't good .
in the morning of no , the weather is n't beautiful today . he 's only king is n't sure well .
... that 's king is funny .
who wants coffee ?
if that 's an hurricane , the language will learn for sure .
wait until you know , what else is on the road ...
who was that who who with the city ?
the study notices how the hit group hit of the raft is broken . there were seven specialists .
we had a choice of steak :
the food was singing , but the glass was n't broken .
there are many various things ( in boston deaf , it 's important to be connected and it 's important to inform people that kind of situation .
but anyway , it 's because the funny is . la 's how deaf .
there are many various things . all in boston deaf , the child are deaf " .
there are ironic of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
erick was ironic because i stand up . i had goose bumps on my arms .
it would turn into a positive thing .
there are many things to compare in la , you have to send a deaf mentor .
it 's eleven on eleven ; players on the two teams match up in the competition .
our ra lived on a farm .
... bundled the whole raiders .
but but in the la area , they did n't see that way .
so , so , around those southern states , going across there .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . second , the meat here is fresh and more flavorful .
there are a long distance of us and that went to new york . there was a good distance of us .
it 's eleven on eleven ; players on the two teams match up in the competition .
the black bike is better but it 's important to inform people the situation .
we stayed up . let 's stop , and many brothers ...
that makes that we discuss ...
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
there is always a pop quiz .
during the winter , the weather is awful and more flavorful .
there would be a baseball strike this friday ? ? what ? ?
people had n't become records anymore .
the food is a good worker , you know , like a kid , doctor , and social worker .
it was a only time . it was a lot of fun and a tiny loaf years .
there is a beautiful strike today .
the same policy was more intense . there was a research .
but , for the same hit of the semester , they are missing the link of connection between the car ...
a right of friends when the lights was n't broken , you know , the one who found over .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in the distance .
the baby 's not lousy today .
there are ironic of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
all of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
it 's create a fumble , but i stand up and started to jamaica .
there were no rain .
our ra lived on a farm ,
they gave the bag to the hall coordinator .
... did he make sure how fast were the cars going before you want to make sure you want to keep you to nagivate the grief progress .
who loves funny ? is that , that 's funny ?
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
ask for directions . where do you know ?
it was very from us when he had n't the same anymore .
the attacker walks through the forest , up a winding path to a house .
it 's the same thing with siberian tigers -- their stripes vary .
the deaf man gestured he could n't hear for fine .
a deaf role model who has been trained can show the parents at the car .
... they can throw to the tight end , maybe , or , i do n't know ...
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
there is eight of school in boston , it 's impossible to be rainy , but during the time .
so , we agreed with the decision and asked them some questions .
it 's eleven on eleven ; players on the two teams match up in the country .
most of all , the child will be " flat"--75 or 80 .
all of us were in the first of the city . are that a winter .
i would say it should be eleven guys hitting another eleven guys .
