does someone have a good party ?
did mother buy mother bought a book ?
does someone have a good party ?
does someone have a good party ?
mother bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
has someone finished reading the book ?
... it was just important that book ?
did mother buy the book ? no , he buy ?
... i was planning to read the book later .
who 's the emergency ?
which college does someone go to ?
the students are in the house .
has them seen joan ?
did the teacher buy no house ?
what arrived late ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
does the party start ? no , it 's boston .
the teacher is really scary .
why do n't you want to travel ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
where did someone move to ?
someone beats a party .
someone beats a party .
someone beats a party .
what arrived late ?
all the boys , the students are in the house there .
has the baby ) election ?
um , the girls are giving john boxes .
what arrived late ?
the students contributed books to the teacher in the house .
does someone know how to go ?
the students contributed the reading required .
that deaf man have the deaf role model deaf .
... there is a lound coffin , and that 's all .
people is cool .
because there 's an emergency , in the city , it 's cute .
i do n't want anything .
it 's the only thing .
it wo n't rain .
is that , there 's it ?
yes , that is there ?
so it does n't rain ?
the horse played on the farm drink night .
really , the cop must care .
the clothes played on the farm , it 's tiny .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
the pigs was really scared . muhammad ali put him back in his seat ,
will the student give the student ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher finished reading the book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the students buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car ?
the student 's mother bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john is just able to finish his reading the book .
no , i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't like the book but the student did .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
no , mary 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't break the window , i did .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
is mother hot outside ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the students buy ?
john is going to finish reading the book .
john did n't break the window , i did .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't break the window , i did .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading so yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
did that book finished reading the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not buy a house .
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him but then she ignored him and forth !
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john was sitting on the grass when mary approached him but then she ignored him and forth !
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john wants to buy ( his / a ) name .
who 's mary ?
the student does n't like the movie .
does someone have a tax ?
where is the grocery store ?
as for john , who says john loves mary ?
who does i like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my umbrella , who mary loves .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does i like chocolate ?
as for john , who says it .
john should go .
who failed mary ?
who 's mary ?
john should go .
john is constantly old .
as for john , who loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john is constantly old .
john is constantly old .
whose car is that ?
is that videogame ?
john is constantly old .
mary knows which girl john loves .
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that is that car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
mary is a vegetarian .
the car is broken .
john is constantly old .
the girl is lousy today .
as for john , who loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is a car .
i just finished reading the book .
who hates mary ?
no , the car is broken .
why are the cop cold ?
who loves john ?
john bought a book .
which failed the exam , where are it ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a book .
john used to move away .
john found his keys .
john watches tv .
who did john see who ?
who arrived late ?
the video man arrived .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read a book .
the cop walked over to her .
why did he / she / it buy yesterday ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play football .
john just deleted a file .
john wants to buy ( his / a ) name .
someone is a vegetarian .
john is giving the girl boxes .
who saw john ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
how many books does the surprise phone ?
the girls pulled over .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the cop boxes .
i found my keys ,
what did john give that ?
did the teacher finishes father buy ?
as for john , who says john loves mary ?
who 's favorite mary ?
sue bought a car .
no , the car is broken .
the clothes are in the class .
john is funny , and he is great !
john bought a book .
as for john , he likes corn .
yes , he / she / it have to read .
who failed the exam ?
john used to play football .
has someone seen joan ?
as for john 's mother , who found his keys ?
john wants to buy ( his / a ) name .
sue bought a car .
what did john give that ?
mom is sick .
as for my umbrella , who mary loves .
john has two mice .
what did john give that ?
john used to play football .
john used to move away .
john used to play football .
how many cars will you buy ?
the teacher wants to read but he / she does n't like movies .
all the group of the hit group did the teacher give the teacher a book .
john leaves at seven .
my parents have been giving and buying him books for a while now .
does the cat who chases the mouse ?
the teacher is not in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is really in shock .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and books ?
the teacher finished reading the book ?
as for john , mother is giving a house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars and gave it to do .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
... i do n't know , john was giving a car .
john did n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does n't like the movie .
no , the teacher like the movie .
the teacher is in the house .
john is giving chocolate to his mother now .
then he will mow the book to the student later .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
how for father , that book , will he do it soon ?
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes the movie .
did already already given john ?
no , john likes john 's house .
ca n't give john to john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) father chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
the deaf man gestured he could n't hear . i deaf .
why is that videogame ?
wow , it 's food is delicious and fine .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
they can throw it to the early intervention to arrive , you know , ...
so , the family in fact move away , and there is n't good .
that was just great who who far reading the farm ?
my heart was a little bit brownish .
this kind of situation is the same house with meetings professionals would yell at them .
why is the same of friends pulled her fishing ? no , it 's beautiful , because it 's important to move away , because it 's important to find him close from france .
cool ? that kids , the child who is deaf .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
there would be a baseball strike this friday ? ? what ? ?
oh , it 's because l.a while in boston , it gets a lot .
therefore , that 's chasing the language is better .
... and , who 's kind . is it funny ? " he asks himself
if the deaf man said , " oh you ca n't hear ? "
that 's how powerful the language will learn .
the wolf wondered who has been trained can show the parents that he / she is perfectly fine .
there would n't simply rely on the third coordinator .
wow , it 's because l.a . wow , it 's important .
... for more than seven years .
i do n't even have one dollar !
so so , the family must have a deaf role model supporting them .
i was enjoying the drive .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family in fact move here , and the string and started to move away again , but , so , the family in fact move away .
the offense of the ra 's tended to meet the parents .
in la , the weather is awful ; there are seven specialists for dinner .
we decided to check the book to the ra 's door handle and to the handle of the door across the hall , and saw the side of the car .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor , while in la , does not have a deaf mentor , while in la , not like that .
the researches have proven that a child with deaf mentor , they ca n't speak english .
it 's not raining , i 'm fine .
people would cause problems about the movie theater ? it 's ironic that their child is deaf " .
cool ? is that tennessee ? only ? all all the first of all college had the same checklist .
the deaf man gestured he could n't hear .
will the library 's deaf ?
so , the family must have a deaf role model supporting them ?
for example , for example , they used to play for example .
of course , there is a research in l.a of the same idea .
so , the family in fact move away , but ...
in the morning of no , the girls are not broken , you know , the one who checks up on the dorms .
... that 's king has that far ...
who supports new york ? ?
it will be their opportunity for the other team to ) , that 's it .
its example , i do n't know , really many other things . it 's the same thing that flies ?
why was that who ? she asked it , ...
the study notices how the hit group hit from 10 o'clock .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
there was one interesting study . what the study did they grouped people together and have them watch a video clip of car .
it wo n't be able to peanuts , it 's fine .
but anyway , there is the only one thing any regular life ?
a deaf role model model , doctor , nurse , counselor , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists .
there are ironic of us in boston , it gets a little bit , hot , cold or cool .
if there 's an hurricane , i have to send a letter to my aunt .
it is very inspiring . there 's a research .
there are many various things that in boston , you can have to send a deaf deaf mentor .
those ra lived on third floor .
our ra lived on third floor .
the soup , gazpacho soup , is cold , but it was easier .
but anyway i spit there between the way to the deaf coordinator .
there was many things that we have to do yet , and even finally one with us .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , too , because i ate a steak there .
there are two groups with us with the same distance of deaf professionals .
those locations had the same number of meetings ; same occurences of no home .
the horse played on the farm because it ca n't race .
first of us , i think nothing compares with boston .
that 's something that we got regular .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
alcohol is always a pop quiz .
most of us , most of us got in the spa .
there is many smaller system in boston , it 's a thinking game
people ca n't give you the grief options .
when the metal corner sliced my hand , really , wow !
there is many various things : in boston , it rains a lot ...
now , it 's because a whole storm today .
there are two various things that had a metal edge .
but , for the hit group , they asked it for the same thing .
i picked up the shampoo bottle and dumped it to the same .
it 's the same thing with siberian tigers -- their stripes vary .
oh , it 's not raining at all .
there are ironic of us show in boston , it 's dry , but it 's important to watch diversity from long .
wolf said , " make sure to make sure they have an emergency ? "
it 's eleven raining and it 's used to find an umbrella and i needed a burger .
there were no waiters ...
wow , it 's because l.a . no , it 's important to inform people that story .
it 's illegal to inform the deaf person .
it was made of us with the same child with their child .
who wants that ? since one has that scout cookies ?
in december , a loaf of bread information , when it snows . there is seven specialists for seven o'clock in the morning .
if it 's only raining outside ? no , it 's important to be connected and they must collaborate with others .
that 's not on the list of the collided coordinator .
the attacker walks through the forest , up a winding path to a house .
the study will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
except for the deaf child , we are not trained can friendly .
the deaf role model who has been trained can show the parents that they deaf child .
they can throw to the tight house .
oh , it 's because l.a to boston soon . we ca n't get fined for it .
there is eight of school in the city , it 's dry , but it 's still easier to hang out .
since , we had a good role model supporting them .
it 's eleven hot on eleven ; players on the two teams match up in the competition .
it seems like the hospital needed to intervene because the parents were doing lousy job with their child .
the parents of only lived in a dorm , deaf studies .
i have to admit that during spring time in boston , it rains .
