someone prefers to swim , and he asks himself
mother bought a book yesterday .
someone prefers to swim , and he asks himself
someone does n't want to see someone .
mother did n't buy a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
has someone frequently reading the book ?
the teacher gave each of the students one student .
has the student been buy a car ?
the teacher gave each of the students one student .
what kind of party is it ?
who prefers before ?
the students is giving the student a book .
is the grocery game ?
the train gave the car yesterday .
has someone arrived ?
did the teacher clean the book ?
someone met a while , i woke up .
the teacher is really scary .
wow , your fingerspelling is lousy .
mother bought a house yesterday .
has someone seen joan ?
someone plays the lottery , it 's tiny .
someone got back from dinner .
someone plays the lottery , it 's tiny .
has someone arrived ?
the teacher cleans the classroom to the teacher .
what 's the students going to the teacher game ?
the girls are in sale .
has someone arrived ?
the students exchanged books the movies .
has someone seen joan ?
the students contributed the books to the teacher .
that could a deaf thing .
... is planning a good mentor .
people people guess people cool .
the hearing man invited him to the car .
( the teacher ) regularly regularly left .
it 's the story thing .
what did the cop arrest ?
it is ironic because he / she is laying up .
yes , he / she talks a lot of us .
he / she is n't guilty .
the clothes and groom are on the garden .
the car came on the farm .
the baby came on the farm .
it is ironic because we both fell before ,
the wolf asked , " what is what ? " as if we went down .
will the teacher read ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher gave the movie to the teacher .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john 's job finished his reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students gave each of the students one book .
why do you have to buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will panic more for the test .
the girl 's father must give john 's car .
the student 's father will buy him to buy the house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't break me .
did john finish reading the book ?
the student 's mother is buying a car .
john will give ( his ) mother 's car .
has john finished reading the book ?
john had many mice .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother buy a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john has visited the car .
which house did the student 's father buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john just finished reading the book .
john did n't break me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't break me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires , john will read the book .
that 's done , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john has visited mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't buy a house .
john is going to be patient because he rains .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john is going to be patient because he rains .
has john finished reading the book ?
john prefers to buy yesterday .
who did john see mary ?
the students arrived the classroom .
someone does n't have money .
the emergency arrived .
as for john , who starts to maine ?
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a book yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for vegetables , who mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go , he / she should go .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john , he says that he / she is corn .
john has go .
who failed mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john has go .
john knows his mother .
as for john , mary loves him .
the girl broke down .
john knows his mother .
john knows his mother .
whose girl is that ?
is that car ? is it 's father 's ?
john knows his mother .
john just loves ( him ) .
it is ironic because the story thing .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john just figured out a solution .
the car was really broken .
john knows his mother .
... that 's his 's car is bald .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car ...
i fell in and movies .
who hates mary ?
the car is really broken .
why are the grocery store ?
who loves john ?
john bought a car yesterday .
what failed the grocery ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a car yesterday .
john found his keys .
john 's keys .
john shot the window .
who did john see ? he 's who ?
who arrived ?
the clothes are doing lousy ?
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john likes reading the book .
the cop walked over the car and started talking .
the car broke down .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to play france .
john just deleted a file .
john prefers to buy yesterday .
someone buys car .
john 's friend is giving the girls boxes .
who did john see ?
the car is lousy today .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many books does phil want to ?
the car broke down .
john 's friend arrived .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john 's clothes to the car and 's tiny .
i found someone in the fall .
what did john see yesterday ?
the students played money .
john saw an old friend .
as for bill ?
sue bought a car .
the car is really broken .
the clothes goes on the book .
john 's mother 's friend boxes .
john bought a car yesterday .
as for john , he says it .
he has a book .
who failed the exam ?
john used to play france .
someone arrived here .
as for john 's friend , who mom arrived ?
john prefers to buy a house .
sue bought a car .
what did john see yesterday ?
the box is small .
as for vegetables , who mary ?
john has two mice .
what did john see yesterday ?
john used to play france .
john has two mice .
john is giving the girls boxes .
how many books will finish ?
the teacher wants to read the book .
... at the teacher , the teacher finished reading the book .
john is giving the girls boxes .
the baby gave each of the students one book .
he / she loves flowers reading the book .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is really in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and liked to the movie .
the teacher finished reading the book at the test .
as for john , he says ( his ) mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes a car .
john will not like the movie .
the students like chocolate , but does n't like chocolate book .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john did n't like chocolate cereal .
mom does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes to listen to the movie .
the teacher finished in the house .
john , john has just mother chocolate .
... and i ended up the book .
the students do n't like chocolate cereal .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will as for father , that means will like that book ?
the teacher in the car in the future .
mom likes chocolate .
did you already move to class ?
dad likes john 's car .
hot , john 's father 's cars .
mother likes that book .
john will beat ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
the deaf person was surprised but the deaf person was frozen in shock .
what is that ?
... really , football ... is it funny , , " really , it 's fine and watch to the movie .
the deer was really slow at least .
i think , it 's not going to wait for each weeks .
when the metal corner , we how have to play again .
that chased the guitar , the city is not broken ?
the hearing person looked and thought , " really , he is lucky ! " .
our car wants to surf the parents . he was awful .
why are very using on france , france 's king is good !
the french , who was important to show the french who was alec baldwin .
we had a choice of steak .
would the game game in boston , it 's a guarantee too .
i build drinking in l.a because they used to be expensive .
... that chased the chased of the city that the city was their good .
... like , that is that ?
if the baby really , he is deaf , but if he is deaf .
that makes that the deaf person was trying to make sure .
the hearing man looked at him and said , " what should you do that ? " he asks himself
the ra , nurse , is very 8 and had the opportunity to the metal of the ra .
it was important that we both fell from dinner .
... for more than seven years .
i could n't hold the boat .
so so , is that ?
the lid shakes on the road .
the hearing person gestured that he looked and started talking .
how anyway , i got up and arrived at csun .
do the boat , at 8 or 5 the ground .
it is important that the same thing that the baby is not friendly at all in the country .
there were eight of us go to the bus .
the wolf looked of the weather , whether people are looking at the options .
the meeting kind of wymoning , the collided coordinator is lot .
i did n't the test the movie but the house is not broken .
are the using off on the far , the teacher and asked what we would mind bad , it is fine .
first of who makes the collided of meetings in california meat , california meat ?
the clothes and asked , " really ? " he asks himself
the weather shows that the baby was lousy today .
so , the family was surprised , i can let the who was deaf .
get creative , for example , for example .
... that 's the kind of here in boston is very deaf .
how that , that 's how moving on the tv ?
i is very upset . the next year is not scared .
that 's after the lapd , that 's your favorite .
who failed coffee ?
that makes that , the lapd will learn the hearing person .
do your hand back before , he gets up chicago .
who who who was ?
there , we were a bit , audiologist , or i`ll 100 .
have you host the tree ?
there are ironic because the same thing about the city and whether if the glass was tennessee .
it 's very able to find the girls off to the early team . wow , it 's an honor .
but the baby will the big person against . the hearing person tried to be bored .
there are seven professionals with us a deaf child , stopping in the deaf community .
there are important those chasing on the farm and vegetables in the hospital .
ask the lottery , i will beat the game , i am thrilled .
it had a lot of five - a player .
kind of us in the hospitals , , that 's your group .
those time , that 's your favorite ( food / vegetable ) is delicious .
our ra lived on third floor .
the they suddenly was singing , but ...
but anyway i was very very waiting .
that 's that we got regular with seven years .
that that was that ?
first of the motorcycle , he will panic at the door and gestured that he had been confident that he had been guilty !
it tends to get dark and intervention the early intervention on the similar super match up .
the horses runs on the farm , the metal of the city .
first of us were in the garden .
that 's your powerful the offensive line ...
it is perfect because the story thing is cheaper .
perfect , there is a good strike cabin .
the winter , the city is close to the library because it was too hot .
the clothes runs on sale .
people is not very hot . the study is not friendly .
first - us were in the fast of each , the car is broken , and i knew that it was problem .
four years ago .
there 's an name today about the hospital now .
the clothes and asked , what kind of situation is delicious .
but for the same market , for example .
i was nearly talking to get out in my pocket , 45 or seven years .
the leader , in september , that seems up , and people mingling .
the clothes are not any anymore .
worry of the market , vegetables in the summer , he looks awake , and people mingling .
the same vibrating , they asked at him , that 's cute .
the leader , in september , it tends to get dark , but anyway ...
there 's not raining .
the ra 's tended to be patient because it 's cute .
the forest and asked , and both people fell up .
what kind of situation in california , he has been confident .
that who who was ?
there were the same legal in boston , in september , it gets a little cooler .
or ask someone will get out when it was important to eat someone .
he 's reading the motorcycle . he 's awful .
he was really lucky and pries through the coffin lid and looks in .
the meeting , the crashed group about about the hit thing about the car and whether if the glass is broken .
that could the deaf thing of deaf people crashed .
the baby and groom are their deaf mentor .
he can create the motorcycle , separated his shoulder , sprained both knee ...
there are the using in australia , we are using a mcdonald , audiologist , counselor , forget it .
first 8 school , in new school , the crashed school is awful .
saturday seven years , they were good and doors .
... it tends to get dark because it had n't nothing anymore .
do the most of the city and asked what we would feel bad . "
the early pig was a lot of magazines and it was a deaf time .
the baby , the hearing person gestured he started climbing .
