someone does n't want to go out to eat the road .
did mother buy a book ?
someone does n't want to go out to eat the road .
does the party tonight start rowing ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
has someone seen bill ?
the teacher did n't like the book .
did the student buy a car ?
the teacher did n't like the movie .
would the game finish before ?
which time does the surprise phone ?
the student is really scary .
have the clothes traveled ?
did the black key .
who arrived someone ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
the deaf man got into the car .
the teacher enjoys reading .
why are the clothes on sale ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
who 's your job ?
in the event of snow , which means i go to the hospital .
someone was in the middle of the city .
in the event of snow , which means i go to the hospital .
who arrived someone ?
the students must read the classroom .
what did the student finish reading ?
it was important to escape the car .
who arrived someone ?
the students must read the book .
how many kids does phil have ?
the students listen to the teacher .
that deaf of us have the deaf children to make sure .
... it 's really far to omaha .
people voted people people cool .
his name is a big strike .
he / she really feels nothing .
it 's the only thing .
it 's important who who was ?
so like , around those southern states ,
yes , there is one interesting quiz .
he / she really feels guilty .
the clothes are on a farm .
what kind of words did it go ?
the game came in , it was fine .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
wolf said , " really , we would stand up . "
will read the book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
how many books did the student give the student ?
why did father buy a book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must buy that car .
the student 's father been buying a house .
mother will buy a house .
john is great when the lights finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't make the reading required .
why did father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary should give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john has been car .
did that john finish reading the book ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) mother a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
john must finish his reading about the teacher .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't break the window , he cracked mary .
the student is really scary .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john just finished reading the book .
john has been car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ?
mother will buy a house .
john has been car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
did john finish mother reading yesterday ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't break the window , he cracked mary .
did john finish mother finished reading the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
the father must give john to john 's car .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
who did john see mary ?
do the students like the movie ?
does someone have the student(s ?
the weather arrived .
as for john , who was it that loves him ?
who does the student like chocolate ?
sue bought the car .
john did n't buy the book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the babies , who was it ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does the student like chocolate ?
as for john , who was it that loves him ?
john should go .
who failed mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john should go .
john is giving the girl boxes .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is giving the girl boxes .
which car is that ?
is that father car ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that 's the car is broken .
john is giving the girl boxes .
the car is bald .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone crashed the car .
i just found that that book .
who failed mary ?
the car is broken .
why do i start to travel ?
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
why are important any money ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john 's keys .
john used to move away .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
the game arrived .
who arrived late ?
sue bought the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read a book .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the girl a book .
john just figured out a solution .
john did n't buy the turkey .
someone bought the car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
who saw john ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many books did the student give ?
the car broke down .
john 's keys .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl sometimes .
i just finished reading .
what did john go to ?
the student has a lot of interesting .
as for john , who saw it ?
who hates bill ?
sue bought the car .
the car is broken .
there are a baseball about that book .
john is giving the girl on his shoulder .
john did n't buy the turkey .
as for john , the says likes corn .
he / she has many books .
who failed the exam ?
john is giving the girl a book .
someone arrived .
as for john 's mother , who loves it ?
john ca n't buy the turkey .
sue bought the car .
what did john go to ?
is it raining outside ?
as for the babies , who was it ?
john has two mice .
what did john go to ?
john is giving the girl a book .
john has two mice .
john is giving the girl now .
then he will buy another opportunity .
the teacher wants to read the book .
maybe that book , the book is broken . he has had a total of five - the teacher .
john is giving the girl now .
my parents know that he will read the book .
did he / she / it want to buy a farm for ?
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house right .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
did the teacher finish reading the magazine ?
john , ( his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate to john .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
why does n't john like chocolate cereal ?
mom does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher finished reading .
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
when all the group , he / she will read a book .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
about that , for john that book , he will like .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
did that 's mother already given john chocolate ?
no , john likes his house .
what could john give chocolate to john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) father chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine ?
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
the deaf person model whether deaf people can not hear .
there is that tv story .
four of us boys lived in a dorm room .
the cop saw the whole thing .
they can throw to the tight group , or , i do n't know ...
when so , the family was deaf professionals supporting tv .
the girls who was just thrown to it .
the waitress was still scared . there 's a big food between the sun .
the food was really slow . there makes no , that kind of situation ; he / she is perfectly fine .

the parents who was deaf , but if they really is any meat ?
we had a choice of steak .
it is be around fun . where 's your thing .
i had to take problems because carrying day is expensive .
... that 's typical of wymoning we got to new york , so it was good .
he got back and laboriously laid the bricks . who , it was wonderful ?
if the deaf man said , " oh . which do you prefer ? "
... that is that the boy will learn .
the wolf said , " really ? oh it 's very negative ? " he asks himself
it was not first time . the study person was not scared . it 's not their fault , it 's fine .
it was ironic because we both fell before , and the one thing .
... for more than seven years .
i do n't even have one dollar .
so , so , we were trouble .
the deer is a big person .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
in la , the sun is really unpredictable . it could be their opportunity by either .
there was eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
in la , it gets a little bit cooler , but in la time , it was still hot .
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front of us and walked in and another door across the hall .
the researches are not more angry . they must do more such as being involved in the deaf community .
the researches have proven that a child had a deaf mentor .
... is not all all of the two - ray .
people would not simply rely on a farm , like for example , the teacher is deathly unpredictable . it 's important to commute people for a long distance between the doors .
the meeting are awful ? all of all of all of all one of the options . california meat ...
the deaf person indicated he could n't hear .
will the game 's baby ?
so , the family was very good role , too .
for example , for example , for example , for example , for example .
the same policy who in boston , both people in california ...
... so that , that 's kind of how the stitching felt .
in course , the weather is not cancelled . it 's very hot , so it 's important to find an costs for example .
of that one of course that kind of rain .
who failed the exam ?
... that 's kind of how the stitching will be cancelled .
the offense picks a bunch of guys who weigh 300 , 350 pounds to block .
why failed my keys , who was it ?
the study notices where the hit group thinks that the glass had n't broken at all .
have you host a barbeque party ?
it was the same thing about siberian tigers -- they have good service , nurse in hospitals .
there are so many things that kind of six . they ca n't be very happy .
but anyway , the weather is very expensive but it was fine .
there are deaf of us in the deaf professionals model , deaf people can not hear more .
there are eight of us in the hospital , and both people in general .
in the event of no snow , i can compare the two environments .
one team of no snow .
there were very wood policies -- in boston , it 's very humid and dry , but i 'm deaf ! so he is deaf !
... on one side of night at night at night , it was a beautiful city .
of course , i think there was a mcdonald story .
the three pigs said , " no ... "
but she spit up the water .
that 's not typical of us went upstairs -- we lived on second floor .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . very good meat , too .
there are so many things that had a deaf mentor . they must make sure do you 're in that end zone .
it 's the same thing with siberian tigers -- their stripes vary .
the next morning , there 's a lot of five minutes away .
the first of us were really unpredictable . it could be rainy , beating people hot .
that is that story on boston .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
alcohol is supposed to escape the lot . wow , it was good .
saturday plays , the weather is more unpredictable . it 's important to be hot in the l.a .
of course , there 's a humid thing .
people are not great .
the donut morning a trip . all night , one day was very strict . it had a total of five team in case .
four years ago at california state university northridge ...
now today , the weather is broken . now , no ...
there was no waiters . wow , it 's fine ; it 's fine .
but , for the baby , they asked them how fast were the cars going before they crashed ?
there 's no cops on the trip -- it had a good time .
it 's important to read the deaf person .
no , it 's not 5'6 .
there are eight of us in the hospital , and both people in front had to be hearing .
there are eight of us in boston , they used to send a plastic house .
and , it 's like 11 o'clock at bu , would not be cancelled . but , wait it it 's boston .
there were no any things -- it 's the end of nebraska
wow , there is n't be a dream , i still story .
they would throw up to the hospital , or , i do n't know ...
there are two kind of us in one wheel ; he / she has funny .
it was important that ?
in december , a loaf of bread from la , a loaf of six and a half and thirteen .
if it 's near the end of the city , it would be be tougher .
he spots his victim in the distance ; all group of the same of each crashed .
he looks down a pry bar and pries open the coffin at each corner .
the farm will include a specialist , audiologist , welcoming now .
except for the deaf group , they are deaf .
a deaf role model deaf of us deaf people can show the deaf person .
they can throw to himself riding of the tight - ray , or , i do n't know ...
there are eight of us in the hospital , and all people in front had to be hearing .
there are eight of us in in boston , it gets a little bit cooler , but in time time .
we had to do , you have to stay in here .
there 's eight of us in the spa , and both people in front morning .
it seems the who was more intimidating . it could be rainy , hot , 70 to 75 degrees . but , the word are deaf or informing the parents .
the deaf person have lived in a deaf mentor , deaf people .
there was the same thing of the city and - - connection of the tire .
