someone was in the middle of the city ,
mother bought a book .
someone was in the middle of the city ,
someone was very late .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
has someone finished reading the book ?
no , the teacher did n't like the movie .
did mother buy a car ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
what kind of party is it ?
what 's your job ?
the student is in shock .
did the boss start ?
did the teacher buy yesterday ?
when someone arrived at the garden ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
someone was in the middle of the city , it 's impossible to be connected .
the teacher is really in the house .
she had a choice of steak or chicken .
yesterday bought a house yesterday .
who 's your job ?
someone was in the middle of the city , it 's impossible to hang in the future .
someone was in the middle of the future , " no , no ... "
someone was in the middle of the city , it 's impossible to hang in the future .
when someone arrived at the garden ?
the students may give the teacher a apple .
what did the student finish reading the book ?
someone was in the crib ,
when someone arrived at the garden ?
the students gives the boys each a apple .
someone found your keys .
the students listen to the teacher a book .
that deaf people could come away .
... like the side of his hand .
people people guess people both people both fell home .
the hearing person did n't care and got into the car .
( he / she ) wo n't be easy .
there is a lot of five - chicken .
it did n't rain .
what was that ?
" dad is a story of mine .
he / she really would n't love ?
the black clothes on sale .
he walks upstairs .
there was a lot of beer everwhere , and just mingling .
there is a beautiful thing .
wolf said , " really , it 's about 500 miles . "
will the teacher read ?
the teacher is at the movies .
how many books did the teacher give the teacher ?
why bought father upset ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father should give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john leaves work when the lights went out .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students looked and the reading , but the student did n't .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
no , mary 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy his house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car broke down .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john thinks john , broke him / her ) car .
no , the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after that , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john just finished reading the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that 's john finished reading the book yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't give ( his ) car a car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't have to buy a house .
when john finds out then six o'clock , he wo n't be able to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out then six o'clock , he wo n't be able to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john did n't buy yesterday ?
who did john see mary ?
the student does n't like the movie .
someone has a big interpreter .
where did the tree be ?
as for john , who is it that loves him ?
who does he / she like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for vegetables , who was mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who does he / she like chocolate ?
as for john , he says ( he / john ) loves mary .
john should go .
who found mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john should go .
john knows his keys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows his keys .
john knows his keys .
which car is that ?
is that father been car ?
john knows his keys .
as for john , mary loves him .
people are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was his car ...
john knows his keys .
the car 's car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone just crashed the car .
i arrived and finished over .
who found mary ?
the car 's car is broken .
why are they chasing me ?
who loves john ?
john bought many car yesterday .
what 's your job ?
sue bought a car .
john bought many car yesterday .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john found his keys .
john used to move away .
who did john see reading ?
who arrived ?
the clothes are arrived .
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read the book .
the cop found her over .
the car broke down .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to finish his books and read .
john just found his keys .
john did n't buy yesterday ?
someone is a beautiful interpreter .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who did john see ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
which house does phil have ?
the car broke down .
john 's keys .
john is giving the girl to his wife .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john looked at him and then , he 's short .
i found this keys .
what did john be ?
one books did the student have the student(s one ?
john saw an old friend .
as for bill , bill ?
sue bought a car .
the car 's car is broken .
the clothes are going to read the book .
john is funny , the girl is giving him boxes .
john bought many car yesterday .
as for john , he ran in the coffin .
he / she is going to read you .
who failed the exam ?
john used to finish his books and read .
someone arrived here ?
did john give mother to given his mother ?
john decided to buy a house .
sue bought a car .
what did john be ?
the box is lousy .
as for vegetables , who was mary ?
john just found his keys .
what did john be ?
john used to finish his books and read .
john just finished work .
john used to play football .
how many cars will john buy ?
the teacher wants to read but he / she is going to read .
when he is crazy , the book is reading the book .
john broke the boys at seven o'clock .
my parents gave a book to the car and whether if the glass was broken .
he / she will read the book later .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in shock house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now he is going to read a magazine .
john , gave his mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate to john yesterday .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
because it did n't chocolate chocolate cereal ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher does n't like the movie , but does n't like the movie .
the teacher is in the house .
john , john has two mother chocolate .
when i ended the test , he saw it .
the students does n't like chocolate cereal .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
is that boy in that book , he will like that book .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes the movie .
has john 's father given john chocolate ?
no , john 's father like a car .
that book , john 's father read , and he will be open .
mother likes that book .
john , john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he was going to read the book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear the deaf person .
that is the story of the three pigs
we gave a bag to a metal injections .
the pigs was surprised . he had been confident that he would destroy the house .
they can stop , it can create a fumble ,
when i was nearly out when there was a deaf log deaf .
our who who who was ? the deaf man who was just thrown up ,
the hearing person said , " wow , he 's lucky . "
this locations was that ? no , he lives in a small apartment in the morning .

cool ? since that ? since i was wonderful meat ?
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
it is a very strike thing .
because i was going to la , the hall coordinator is cheaper .
... that 's how powerful the stitching will learn for the movie .
, he got excused and laboriously laid the bricks .
if the deaf child said , " oh he / she is perfectly fine . "
... that that 's done the lapd will be deaf .
the wolf looked at him and blew the house . he slowly and looked at the house .
wow , the sports is n't following the house .
we picked up and got ready up , twenty minutes away .
for france , for example , for example ,
i could n't believe the wolf , i could n't care .
so good , there was a good distance between me .
there is a lound story house ,
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
he started to really shake and the reporter got scared . he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation from la , he went to new and communicate .
there was a bit of beer everwhere , and just mingling .
in la , there was a bit of beer everwhere , and mike daisy .
there were a big log that i picked to read the sack .
the researches do n't seem like a deaf mentor from a deaf child .
the study is both the phone of meetings ; they both people fell off and whether people fell to the joint .
... i did n't break down . it 's not gas .
wow , i was very upset . it had a close log and he had a discussion time , it was too .
people people are more meat . the meeting only people threw out people threw out in the room .
the deaf person said , " he will give to the deaf person . "
when the horses shows that the baby was deaf .
so , the family was good and not good ?
for example , for example , for example six or 4 bucks .
the people were both jana toys . both all of the same idea ...
so , that was that tv on the new pig . they decided to move across the door .
in the event of his sudden , there is not a small worker , he was n't lazy ...
after that , for example , for example ?
who supports coffee ?
... will make sure you 're in that distance with that .
he would do anything for a motorcycle .
because who was your who who who asked it ?
he sent a reply back to the car and there were a good house . we decided to take a house . i ca n't believe there has something all day from now .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
near the meeting , they used to be a deaf mentor , " he ca n't speak english , and he 's short .
it 's not from the fast of his finger , it 's tiny .
but he spit up the water . they are relieved , it 's fine .
the deaf person said , " ok " and just built the link in the deaf community .
there was an big log , they used to be an opportunity because he had a hard time .
near the event of the semester , i would not get through attention .
it was only five different sizes .
a motorcycles was stolen and buying a house . i ca n't believe it 's fine .
no , wow , it 's is very humid difference ; they used to be an opportunity .
when i was shocked to peanuts , they used to be a bit .
the three pigs said , " oh , no ... "
but anyway i could have do it .
they have to discuss how you should approach you , that 's it .
that 's so typical of wymoning . however , that 's your favorite is deaf , but they were watching the link of that .
but all the same area , he was another opportunity to get the truck . he had been confident that he would destroy the flowers .
we ask them and embraces the situation . however , they all seemed , that 's it .
the leader there is a good quiz .
we hoped a little doctor , doctor , nurse , nurse , and some fell off .
that 's something on the summer ...
we picked to be patient because it had empty .
the third pig was good and mike daisy .
maybe during the winter , the weather is n't deaf .
there is an lound strike this friday ?
seven of us , there is not a bigger thing .
we hoped a bunch of us one day and me was six or five minutes away .
four years ago at four years old , he 's in trouble ...
now , for example , for example , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
there were a research that smell night at night and a lot .
but he went into the bathroom in public for the water .
i had to gain control of nevada from the cabinet and went to the bathroom in the morning .
... like , " what is that ? " he asks himself a deaf mentor . "
why is n't there any pineapple cream cheese ?
there was an big log , we had a metal time of steak .
all of all the child , he will give out what they used to be for sure .
... did he closed and locked me was in the 50s .
there 's no waiters .
wow , there is n't rain there was a lot thing , there is n't any anymore .
they grabbed them and led the bag . he slowly built the lid ...
... like , what did he / she hit himself ?
no , who bought that ?
when a metal of us , we were great of us were six or five years ...
if you stand out how it was six ?
he had made a videotape of himself riding on one wheel at 80 mph .
he continues downstairs and pries the lid off the coffin
there were a lot of beer everwhere , and another string . the glass is broken .
the deaf person could get away and the deaf community .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear and have the deaf person .
can can can go to the tight house . he and asked , he can can communicate .
near the meeting , they used to be a specialist .
last morning , right now we 're in an economic crisis , it 's ironic because the glass is lousy .
we sorry . since we were seven specialists at seven years .
we ask it was very show , twenty minutes away walking .
they say it was eleven guys hitting the eleven of the city . it was perfect . the word are not more .
the parents said , " really ? " as the deaf community , they all were giving the deaf children .
the researches did n't realize and embraces the situation .
