someone does n't want to go out to eat at mcdonalds .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone does n't want to go out to eat at mcdonalds .
it does n't matter to me .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
has someone seen joan ?
... did the teacher give the student a book ?
did mother buy a car ?
... did he give the teacher ?
has something seen joan ?
what time does the surprise game start ?
the student are giving the student now .
have ( the tree ) ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
someone arrived .
after / the teacher finishes reading the book ?
someone was in the chicago .
the teacher is really in the house .
why are the clothes on sale ?
yesterday bought the teacher yesterday .
has someone seen joan ?
it 's important to escape the truck .
someone saw the whole thing .
it 's important to escape the truck .
someone arrived .
the students are playing in the summer .
will the teacher 's reading the book ?
it was important to escape the truck .
someone arrived .
the students exchanged books the teacher .
someone prefers to go tomorrow .
the students listen to the teacher .
that could the deaf deaf community .
... there was a deer .
people is giving jana toys .
his wife said " oh . oh well . "
( it ) , ( whatever ) wo n't be easy .
it 's the only thing .
what did the cop drive to ?
it 's not important to have an tax .
" yes , it was important to have lived in a dorm .
he / she should n't have to move away .
the clothes runs on the farm .
i was in a hurry ...
there is always a pop strike this friday life ?
i automatically keep information in the back .
wolf said , " really , it 's about 500 miles across the road ... "
if the teacher gives the test , will school ?
the teacher is at the movies .
how kind of the the movie did n't buy the movie .
why does father buy a book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought there ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has finished more finished reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car to break home .
the student did n't give the student to the student .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
no , mary 's father must give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father will buy him / her ) .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john 's car broke down .
did john finish reading the book ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
is mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john has funny , he has been a car .
which house is the student that father bought ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought there ?
john just finished reading the book .
john 's car broke down .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john has funny , he has been a car .
that book finished , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
father must give ( his ) father a car .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't buy a house .
when john finds out there is be a test , he usually lucky the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there is be a test , he usually lucky the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
who did john see mary ?
the student do n't like .
has someone seen joan ?
the weather arrived .
as for john , who is it that loves someone ?
who does he like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my umbrella , who was mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go ,
who does he like chocolate ?
as for john , who is it that loves it ?
john should go .
as for mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john should go .
john knows his keys .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that time was john 's car .
john knows his keys .
john knows his keys .
who did he / she / it is travelling ?
is that for this father 's car ?
john knows his keys .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
there are always a pop quiz on the days .
john loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is that is ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that ( right over there ) is a car .
john knows his keys .
the car is broken .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone has been buying a car .
i tend to exercise after class .
who failed mary ?
the car is broken .
why are the clothes going to me ?
who loves john ?
john bought mary to buy ( his ) mother .
why are the same store ?
sue bought a car .
john bought mary to buy ( his ) mother .
john is just buying a house .
john 's driving broke .
john watches tv .
who did john see who ?
who arrived late ?
the clothes are doing arrived .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading the book .
the girls was just buying a car .
no , the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the girl a book .
john just deleted a file .
john did n't buy the turkey .
someone bought the car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
who saw john ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see something ?
how many books has the student(s ) bought it ?
the car broke down .
john 's driving john .
john is giving the girl a book .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl to his car .
i stay home when the lights went out .
what did john see me ?
what time does the student have ?
as for john , who has mary ?
who hates mary ?
sue bought a car .
the car is broken .
there are many books .
john is giving the girl to his car now .
john bought mary to buy ( his ) mother .
as for john , he likes corn .
one books has / he / she like movies .
which failed the exam , who supports it ?
john is giving the girl a book .
someone arrived at someone .
john 's mother arrived .
john ca n't buy a turkey .
sue bought a car .
what did john see me ?
it is empty .
as for my umbrella , who was mary ?
john has two mice .
what did john see me ?
john is giving the girl a book .
john has two mice .
john is giving the girls to win someone .
then it will buy many things .
the teacher likes reading but he / she is going to read a book .
. i think , the teacher finished reading the book .
john is giving the girls boxes .
my parents gave a book to read a book .
he / she does n't want to buy a mouse later ?
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did the teacher give john ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will give a deaf book .
john , ( his ) mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate to john .
john likes cars and buying a car .
john will not like movies .
the students does n't like chocolate but does n't like movies .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
why does n't john like chocolate cereal ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes movies , but the students do n't .
the teacher is at the house .
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the book finishes , he has been taking a book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will dad like that book ?
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
no , john did n't like john .
should john give john to john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf role model model i could n't hear the deaf person .
... it is very upset .
four of us lived through four floor ...
the third flashed and the two cars pulled over .
it can create us .
when so basically , the almost is n't worth a deaf role model supporting them .
it was important to just use a house .
the metal corner was a little bit brownish . on interstate 5 at the time .
my car was in front of the market . one of the stops makes that gas .
why is the same person 's former king bald ? no , he asks himself care of his face .
the soup , gazpacho soup , is cold and not cool .
we had to be patient because we had a mcdonald 's mine .
it 's illegal to escape the big storm .
it would be eleven time on the country and vegetables in the morning .
therefore , overall there , there 's a missing link .
... like , who 's wrong , that 's white far ?
the deaf person is n't deaf .
that 's chasing the language of the deaf person .
the wolf said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? "
there would be flooding on the country and vegetables in the morning .
it was ironic because westling announced south .
for example , for example , for example ...
i do n't even have one dollar .
so basically , there is a missing thing .
there is a lound banging ,
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
the wolf and the ones to get angry to the hall coordinator .
there was eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
it was perfect -- there was a good distance between the doors .
there were two set up on my hand .
all of the meeting , the child is not friendly .
there are two research on the fruits and it was a show day .
maybe . it 's not far to peanuts a little bit .
people would approach the teacher to the teacher to meet the movie because he would find the waitress to the movies .
the parents are in the fast ; are the same air , which people are the same checklist .
the deaf person said , " i will copy you to the hospital . "
the horses will give the deaf intervention .
so basically , there was a missing quiz .
... for two than seven years .
people were more using more except for the same options .
... so that might might be to commute to new york .
is it using to lay out and tan ?
... that 's something that far in boston .
who supports new york ? ?
if that 's an hurricane , that 's not far ?
a boss said , " nah , its better to pull over . "
because ( my computer ) , who knows it ?
the study notices how the hit group thinks that were all minutes away .
have you host a barbeque party ?
it was important to escape the big storm .
it wo n't his dry ( the reporter ) is not friendly .
but anyway , it 's because the language is .
there are two expensive system at the deaf mentor .
there are two abdominal muscles on the spa .
have the cousin on i clear ! i have a bad headache next morning .
there are many different sizes .
there are two kind of us in the summer 's face , deaf studies .
there was supposed to compare one thing .
it was important to escape the big storm .
the air suddenly shot up .
but i know it might be boring to drive all alone .
so one could have , they have lived in hospitals .
that 's so typical of wymoning . there is seven service , too , too , cold or cool .
there might be flooding . they have to admit that kind between boston is broken , but if they change that , it was funny all day .
there are ironic with us two had to do one way .
there is always a pop quiz this friday would yell .
the boss only is just friendly . one state is better . there are seven specialists for them .
that 's something that 's chasing the guitar .
for example , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
alcohol , around the test raiders is cheaper .
saturday morning , there is always expensive a little bit .
in la , it gets a lot day .
people could not do that ? no , it could n't be a very bit .
there is a cutting one of us his finger would cause a specialist .
four years ago at california state university northridge ...
for example , there 's no homework today .
there were no waiters . in the hospital , they are using a good brother .
but ... at the la area , they are missing the link .
i had a big now now because it had been a casino that now it .
... to make sure they must approach deaf people in the deaf community .
no , it 's not funny .
there are two abdominal muscles on the spa .
wolf sent a reply back to himself one simple sentence .
... and i were surprised , it 's important to find information in the email .
there were no different sizes . oh , it 's important to inform people money .
there is no various rain on the days . wow -- it 's boston .
they would be sure . i do n't know they company shot on the back and nebraska .
one group who has riding with him / you ) is perfectly fine .
that makes that ?
there were no snow here in boston in boston it 's dry , and people fell off .
if ... i said , with it , it 's about l.a . "
he slowly and laboriously laid the bricks .
it was serious business .
there are another same about australia ; in la , it 's hot and warm and warm outside .
the deaf role model could not have a deaf role model .
a deaf role model model deaf people model deaf people can drive .
... can can simply kind of the options .
it was important to escape the big storm . wow , it 's ironic like though they used to be expensive .
there is going to rain now because in four or 5 in the morning .
so , so far , i wish there should be a pop quiz .
there would be flooding on the hospital . wow , it 's important to inform people an story .
it seems like because they used to run the hospital to the early intervention . it would be seven professionals informing it . without a deaf role model , they are missing the link of connection between the parents .
the deaf person have lived in a deaf mentor .
i gestured , the choices will learn on the deaf mentor .
