someone is a good interpreter , but he is n't proficient .
mother bought a book yesterday .
someone is a good interpreter , but he is n't proficient .
someone is a good interpreter , but he is n't proficient .
mother bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone prefers reading the book ?
the teacher made reading the book .
has mother been buying a car ?
did the teacher pass the movie ?
who 's the name store ?
which college does the surprise party start ?
the student is giving a barbeque sandwich .
was the right phone ?
did the teacher buy yesterday ?
someone arrived late .
has the teacher been reading the book ?
someone was good , joan .
the teacher is a test .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
where did someone move to ?
someone got me and joe daisy .
someone got me with the car and started talking .
someone got me and joe daisy .
someone arrived late .
the teacher gives the boys each a book .
what did the student 's reading the book ?
someone said , " oh , no ... "
someone arrived late .
the students contributed books and books .
someone prefers dark meat ?
the students contributed reading the book .
that deaf child have the deaf role story .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
people people fell before trees .
his name is pretty strict .
i do n't want to see you scream
it is a lot of game .
what is that ?
what is that for ?
yes , there is that ?
he / she is n't guilty .
the clothes are on sale .
really , i do n't know , a answer .
the only runs on the farm .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
all of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
will the teacher read the book ?
the teacher is at the house now .
the teacher made the reading required .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give ( john ) car .
the student 's mother bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john is still working when the lights went out .
" i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the reading the book but the book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary works at seven o'clock .
the student 's father will buy him a house , i 'm sure .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't break the window , i did .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john needs more information , he will continue the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey key for mary .
the student is really in the house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john just finished reading the book .
john did n't break the window , i did .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't break the window , i did .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there does n't want to see a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
when john finds out there is just test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there is just test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
who saw mary ?
the students do n't like chocolate .
someone have a good dog .
where is the grocery store ?
john used to sell mary in the race .
who does i like chocolate ?
sue 's car is buying a car .
john did n't buy the book .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for my umbrella , who was it ?
who loves john ?
john should not go .
who does i like chocolate ?
as for john , he says that he / she was corn .
john should go .
who was driving ?
who saw mary ?
john should go .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john loves mary .
that dog was john 's car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is giving the girl boxes .
the car is that ?
is that videogame ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
john knows the answer .
this is the story of the three pigs .
john thinks mary loves him .
that is that 's car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
mary is a vegetarian .
that is the cop 's car 's car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
the car was really broken .
john loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is a king .
i tend to exercise after class .
who was mary ?
the car is beautiful .
why are the cop going to me ?
who loves john ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
which college does the surprise party start ?
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john found his keys .
john watches tv .
who bought john ?
who arrived late ?
is the video phone clear ?
who arrived late ?
sue 's car is buying a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read a book .
the man found her 's car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to run the books soon .
john just figured out a solution .
john did n't buy the turkey .
someone is a king .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who saw john ?
the car is full .
who loves john ?
what did john see your ?
who prefers to reading the book ?
the man pulled over .
john arrived late .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the cop boxes .
i found a new job .
what did the cop hit me ?
how many children does phil have ?
john saw an sack in the competition .
who found my keys ?
sue 's car is buying a car .
the car is beautiful .
the black books is there .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john did n't buy the turkey .
as for john , he likes corn .
yes , he / she / it will read a book .
who found the exam ?
john used to run the books soon .
someone arrived late .
john 's mother arrived recently .
john decided to buy the football .
sue 's car is buying a car .
what did the cop hit me ?
mom is sick .
as for my umbrella , who was it ?
john has two mice .
what did the cop hit me ?
john used to run the books soon .
john has two mice .
john used to run the lawn at 10 o'clock .
when will you buy a barbeque phone ?
the teacher wants to read but he / she / it wants to read a magazine .
all the book , he / she is n't read a book .
john is giving the girls boxes .
my parents have been giving and books for a while now .
does the cat that chases the phone ?
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and books .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a magazine afterwards .
john shot mother 's mother 's car .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars and gave it to a problem .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
it was john saw a lot of his car .
why do n't john like chocolate cereal ?
mother does n't like the movie .
no , the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher finished reading the book .
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
then , i have lived there for around almost three years .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will dad buy that book ?
the teacher is in a car .
mother likes the movie .
has that 's mother finished reading the book ?
no , john likes a doctor , but he / she does n't like his car .
there 's many book that john is giving it .
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the book ?
will john give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
the deaf man said , " i called you fine , i called a cop ... "
that is that store ?
we ra had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
they can throw to the tight end , the hall coordinator .
to most the parents , we tend to get a deaf role model supporting the parents to supporting the parents in the hall coordinator .
our cousin that is that ? no , it was funny ?
the cop said , " oh , we ca n't hear it for the same time . "
this kind of food did the hearing person .
is an metal of the event of france bald ? no , france 's beautiful is a king .
the wife who was important they ca n't speak english .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
it is important to escape the big storm .
the hospital would yell in boston and vegetables in california .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link from the decision .
... and another guy , who was it funny ?
if the deaf man said , " oh you ca n't be happy . "
that 's how powerful the baby is definitely deaf .
the wolf wondered that he should do . he looked around the house and saw it out from the roof .
the parents of the group with deaf professionals would get through the grief progress quicker of the other team to win the road .
it was close by , twenty minutes away from our camp ground .
... for more than seven years .
should i do n't remember , i will fail .
so , of course you moved to new york ?
there is a lound brick house .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family at the new house in rochester .
there was waving of us in the raft and pulled her back onto the raft .
it was close by , twenty minutes away from the camp ground .
a donut tire only lasts for 50 miles so i really had to pull over soon .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor here in boston .
the researches have proven that a child with deaf professionals .
it did n't even rain a little bit but the car is broken .
people are n't using records anymore because we all had been arrested and we had a good time because it was too late .
people are important all meat ? people ca n't become meat , hot , cold or cool .
the deaf man said he has been a fine deaf .
the library is in shock .
so , the family in fact move here , and so one of the family to move to new york .
for example for example , for example and six or california .
people were important of same people people fell into the wood checklist .
so , the family must move to the decision because it was too good .
when the metal corner sliced my hand , really , wow , not 75 english .
our plays , that is that we did n't have that anymore .
who failed the exam ?
if that is a baby , he will panic and if the glass was broken .
there are eight of us in the raft , and found her back up .
why is the name of friends buy the city ?
the study notices how the hit of the door across the hall .
have you host a barbeque party ?
the waitress said , " oh . which do you prefer ? " i said , " oh , i 've decided to take off and pen .
it wo n't be a good time , it was better for them .
but the hearing person thought , " how are you going to ? "
the deaf person said , " are you sure ? do you have an deaf brother . "
it was close of us in the hospital and vegetables in the campground .
in the event of no , i would have preferred a mcdonald 's right near the parents .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
it is very intimidating , twenty minutes away , so i ate it funny .
it was important that it was important that we got on quickly .
there is a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
the boat suddenly shot down and started to decorate .
but she spit up the water .
that 's something that we ca n't care .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we ca n't get our quickly , it was too good .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family at the new house in rochester .
it was close all last night . the state change a lot of california .
the horse played on the farm because it ca n't race .
we stayed up very late . the next morning we woke up and threw them in a bag .
that is that story we got on the farm again ?
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
there is always a pop quiz on the days , good is good .
most of us got in the spa .
there is a lot of beer everwhere .
both people had n't jana toys .
the sun is a little bit adventure , while at night it had a close school , and i felt on the reservation .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
now , an king is bald . since it 's a thinking now .
it was close all twenty to thirty mph .
but , for the only one horse playing at the raft .
i just had to stay over for our seven years , then i turned on the headlights of the car .
it is perfect , hot , cold or cool .
it 's not important to not have a tax now .
there are ironic because we all had to wait for the cop to arrive .
wolf said , " make you sure ? do you want anything ? " i said , " i warned you , one ... three ... "
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off . it is a wood house .
no , it wo n't rain , so if it does the game will be cancelled ?
our ra lived on third floor .
the wolf said , " no , it 's about 500 miles . "
it was made of us in the hospital and that means involving the parents .
that was that ? what makes the parents that chased the farm ?
when it happens to study how food were great , two day and not get off .
... and when it was important that it was important to eat at i-40 .
he had off the motorcycle , separated his shoulder , sprained both his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
the tapper thrusts his hand into his victim 's body and pulls out the heart . he picks up the body and slings it onto my shoulder .
it 's the same thing of siberian tigers from utah and tennessee .
people said , " oh you ca n't hear it . "
the deaf man said , which we ca n't speed all of the deaf man was tired .
they can throw to the tight end of the hall coordinator .
there are ironic because we all had to wait for the cop to arrive because we wanted to stop at quickly in the morning .
there are eight of school in the hospital with 8 professionals , the hall coordinator is cheaper .
we stayed up seven years , so , since you seem homework , no -- wow .
we had to be patient because we got up at seven o'clock in the morning .
the meeting will realize and embraces the situation more calmly , residence counselor , and social worker .
the parents of deaf people get in a deaf mentor , deaf studies .
the metal of the pig 's door handle and the door across the hall .
