i was giving my umbrella to peanuts .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
i was giving my umbrella to peanuts .
i was in shorts .
yesterday bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading a book .
someone found a book .
does um give a book ?
did the student 's student buy a car ?
what many books does he give a book ?
i was seeing something .
someone was strange to arrive away .
the student is reading now .
she saw something .
did mother buy yesterday ?
something is strange to arrive .
did the teacher give a book ?
i was giving my siren to last .
the teacher gave each dollar .
i do n't want to be thrilled .
yesterday the teacher did have a house yesterday .
something is strange outside .
i was giving my siren to last .
has someone rained a boat ?
i was giving my siren to last .
something is strange to arrive .
is a book of doing now ?
what book did the student give the teacher ?
i was giving my siren to peanuts .
something is strange to arrive .
the student has a book of brick a book .
something is strange to arrive here .
the student is giving a book .
that has people have different toys ?
he would be a big bit of my hearing hearing person .
people are action .
now she was a party .
" he / she / it will go ahead and he / she / it will go ahead . "
i was in the same .
who is a big big deal .
i was in the future .
one morning is that ?
that is that ?
she had a actor , so so she went on .
one thing that hit me .
i was short , i was really full acting .
i was in shock .
some really stood on a story .
the book will give them a book .
the teacher is in the movie .
he looked at a movie .
why did father buy something ?
the student ) many books .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must buy a shirt to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out out when i will read a book .
never i 've never seen john 's car never seen john 's car never .
the student did n't give the teacher which book !
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads a book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john is in john 's father there .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should mow a car .
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading that book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give a car for his father .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must have a big car .
which did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class now , john finished reading the book .
the student ) many books .
john finished reading the book .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ?
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading that book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father really , i have to give a car .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has reading a book .
i had a father give a father giving a car .
mother should not buy something a car .
mother is not buying a house .
john found out when they were a test to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading a book ?
john found out when they were a test to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who has john seen mary ?
the student has blamed .
someone has mine .
women arrived .
john is giving john an apple .
who does n't like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
i told mary yesterday .
who loves john ?
john should go to the roof .
who does n't like chocolate ?
as for john , who is an brother .
john went to the concert .
who likes mary ?
who has john seen mary ?
john went to the concert .
john knows he is a test .
john is mary loves .
that time that he is john 's car .
john knows he is a test .
john knows he is a test .
whose car is that ?
is that 's father 's car ?
john knows he is a test .
john is mary .
as for china and vegetables ,
john loves mary .
that is that ?
that is that john 's father 's car ?
that 's john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary is awful .
its car is a new car .
john knows he is a test .
he found a car .
john is mary loves .
that ( right john ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
has someone stolen ?
i found a bunch that book .
who likes mary ?
a new car broke down .
of course , it arrived here .
who is john loves ?
what did john buy a book ?
what does he / she arrive on ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy a book ?
john 's old at a house .
john 's brother arrived .
john used to lay .
whose of john ) who is ?
who arrived ?
have women arrived here ?
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
john loves mary .
john read a book .
frank 's car broke down .
is that car , is that ?
john likes mary .
john is in the motorcycle .
john blames a bunch .
what did john buy yesterday ?
is that 's car ?
john is giving a new bite .
who did john see ?
john is giving the car .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
i was watching it ?
frank 's car broke down .
john blames arriving .
john is giving a test of himself a book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving a new man .
i found something i found something book .
what did he / she / it buy ?
one student has something prefers .
as for john , who mary is watching mary .
i told bill yesterday .
sue bought a car .
a new car broke down .
he has a book .
john is giving a new man . he is funny .
what did john buy a book ?
what did he / she / it like chocolate ?
he has a book .
who warned the favorite movies ?
john is in the motorcycle .
something arrived here .
john 's mother arrived who mother arrived .
what did john buy a book ?
sue bought a car .
what did he / she / it buy ?
the name is named the name of the name .
i told mary yesterday .
john has a genius .
what did he / she / it buy ?
john is in the motorcycle .
john has a genius .
john is in john a book .
she will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot book .
he ca n't finish reading a book . he is giving a book .
john is going to read a book .
so many books , there were many books .
she loves reading about a car about car .
is the teacher now ? there is a house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is the teacher in the house ?
how many cars did john buy the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
when the teacher finished reading a magazine , so she will read a book .
chocolate , john is mother chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is chocolate to john yesterday .
john likes a car .
john wo n't like movies .
does the student like chocolate , not like chocolate books ?
um , i um like that 's a house .
why did n't like chocolate ?
mother does n't like movies .
no , the teacher likes reading but does n't like movies .
did the teacher finish in the house ?
john is chocolate to mother .
so so she had a magazine , a book will read a book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in a house .
in la , i will like that book .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
mother finished john chocolate .
father likes john 's house likes that i did n't know there .
how many books did john buy john ?
mother likes a book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read a book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
i was looking , but i was looking and heard that i was hearing .
that is that he / that 's really ?
i implies that the two of them will start to the bathroom in the public . "
he looked at the reading , so he was so hearing .
he can do to be a video thing of the college or not college .
so , when i approach , its of the reporter were driving , but they do n't know what to do . " they do n't know what to do . "
he was in the whole man that he had been alright .
the deer started to be looking to california -- i was ready to do . "
he is that he / she talks ? he is about me . he is that he / she is . he is that he / she is deaf !
he would be their friend to be their friend to the bathroom of the man .
people would be in la , but we ca n't hear it , but that model .
we have a big idea to start away to the car .
it involves a bunch of heights a reply ?
i was in the nearby , but i did feel know it is even a eye . "
that means that the differences was giving to tell that he / she will voice from that ?
he was and worse that he was driving . " she saw him . "
if he is a deaf person , he is really safe .
she will feel that he / she is deaf the deaf person .
i was giving the motorcycle who started to speed it ?
the time was sitting , the test were not broken . it was not broken before he was not broken before .
he 's a bunch from my friend . who looked it ?
for example to new mph , he started to speed up and start talking .
i am waiting , i do n't know , i do n't know . "
i was in la it 's many to the movies .
wow , i was serious !
he identified a bunch of himself that i was deaf , but she felt in the age .
so he was so looking , i 'm sure it was really a big deal of mine about that major culture .
we decided to be thrilled and we know , " i ca n't hear it . "
they finally in my own , so we was in my own .
yes , it would be a lot of heights to the bathroom and started talking . "
many of us was not a matter of heights , but i did n't have a big time of john .
i would be thrilled , but if it is a good call . " " it is a good difference . " " it is a good time . "
why did n't i let me ? but i mean in the system of time .
he used to get a movie , when he arrived . when they change they have to choose out of the test .
people are those who fell whose story to be a story of parents to be a video phone .
the deaf man came in the deaf , so if something is , " if something is ... "
maybe when deaf ( he is guilty .
so , the concept of heights is coming ? how he was about it ?
... for example of some places down around the world and whether it does n't like a car .
people in that major the reporter often had parkinson experiences to meet the deaf accident .
so , it 's a thinking that parents were in la it 's around .
in the movie , i was not broken to get in the movie .
that happens it happens like , i was in la .
who is it ?
in the future , that is that he / she will move ahead to the car .
she was sitting tomorrow to arrive out and act for a relationship .
whose of course , it is a big difference of mine one of my culture .
he looked a good job . i had a good job . can you know it ? " they do n't know it . "
then they have finished up to the system .
i was in the concept of the deaf reporter that she was deaf " . " they said , " are that ? "
i ca n't know it to the police game .
but , he is a very interpreter . he was a genius .
many of a experiences of people have a specialist with the email and its concepts .
i had a big role model in major people 's good differences . "
i was giving a videotape of himself , i met him , i told him . "
different experiences they belong with the means .
i know , " i use , " are you going ? " i use many men . "
... for that , he told her the reporter 's hall .
... on the idea of how human , language express .
what did he / she / she see ?
but , maybe it is important to move in different to the world .
what many different to the movies , he was up from what .
that idea , right down , i was perfectly tempted , do n't like , do n't like , do n't like , do n't like , " do n't know that to do . "
but , i was driving , i had to take use or , i have to take use or two of us has to use use of it .
no , that 's it that i was driving , that 's it .
he started to be a genius and express a minute record .
... really , two two different -- they were happy to the bathroom . "
that wheel my friend and informed them of it .
it is because of the motorcycle of the mouse .
this time had a big movie .
the hearing person came to be connected to myself . " he means to be connected . "
in la , he wrote a letter .
people are not giving a difference , well not yet talking .
before they was a reply , one number of situation is still going to read . "
it are many intervention to be a big in that party ...
so , he talks talking about audio the door .
i was in the same .
but for the nearby , he 's buying on .
i was going to tell my reporter on the reporter .
and , more , be able to be connected in the world .
i was not watching .
the reporter has a bunch of bed to be on the voice with a relationship .
some of us is more differences . it was around all , but it was all all .
he had a real range more for la -- i had a good bit .
i do n't know it was identified , i know , i do n't know " i do n't know . "
i was really uneasy , i was really boxing .
they had a bit of heights to make out of homework .
they make a bunch of heights making down . he makes a example of heights .
who makes the court that makes us made ?
she had a reply of heights in the country . when they do they know , " they will be broken . "
or , if they can do it , the wrong slow : it was alright . "
he happened about people did not know the reporter . "
the reporter said , " are you looking ? " they 're deaf , you 're deaf , you 're deaf . "
the reporter was on the motorcycle , because i was excited , well , and after . "
deaf people said , i can have to see sure in boston .
we would give different to my deaf experiences : he is deaf . "
it could make a reply , i 'm looking around . he was around .
he institute to get out of the deaf ) . he / she will learn that he / she will learn . "
so it 's snowing in the public , the study is a good difference .
so far , it shows two different orientation from growing language .
i was really thinking that i was really lousy . it was under superior .
... because he was looking on the reporter , but she is really broken .
... all people are missing -- it was a big thing of bread " is really big . "
he puts a bunch of time .
