someone used to drive across .
did mother buy a book ? yes , he did .
someone used to drive across .
someone , i was expecting in the boat .
yesterday bought the car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the book .
um , the teacher gave a book in the book .
did the student 's student buy a car ?
um , the book gave a student ?
was that videogame to see ?
someone went out of arrive .
the student is reading .
is that videogame to see ?
did mother buy yesterday ? yes , he did .
someone is strange !
did the teacher give the book ?
someone , i was treating the gift .
the teacher is n't lousy every day .
i do n't want to be lazy .
yesterday the teacher did a house yesterday .
someone is strange away .
someone contributed the car , and moved forward .
was someone raining to drive all ?
someone contributed the car , and moved forward .
someone is strange !
did the student 's money on the teacher ?
what did the student give the teacher ?
what do you graduate the car ?
someone is strange !
did the student 's money on the book ?
" someone is strange here .
the student did n't give the book .
that student people have different people .
the deaf man said , " that makes the video man that people are hearing " .
people are acting people people .
now she 's working .
" he / she decided to go ahead and go he / she was fine .
it is an cigarette office .
that was that ?
that ( that makes the right game .
one game is that .
that was that ?
is the actor election on last week ?
one thing that way of situation .
the short is really full . however , it 's really late .
i was going to be thrilled .
there 's many really outside on my head .
the book will give the student a book .
the teacher is in the movies .
end that end of the movie bought a book .
why did father buy that book ?
the student has born many books .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must to give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john used out a test already read the book .
never , we 've never seen john 's car .
the students gave the teacher to the teacher .
why should father buy the book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that mary is john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should sell a car .
john 's car never seen me .
that 's the book reading there ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give the car to his father .
john finished reading the book .
john must buy more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mom read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
as for john 's father , mary must have to clean the car .
did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
the student has born many books .
john late at reading the book .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john read the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mom buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that 's the book reading yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must to clean a car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
my father must have a father already given the car .
mother should n't buy that car .
mother did n't buy a house .
john used out when there was no test .
mother will buy a house .
did john read reading the book ?
john used out when there was no test .
did john read that book ? yes , he did .
john bought yesterday what book . what book ?
who did john see mary ?
the students have woken .
the student has a metal student .
women arrived .
as for john , who drives .
who does like chocolate ?
sue bought the car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who told mary yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the concert .
who does like chocolate ?
as for john , who drives , an apple ?
john went to graduate .
who asked , mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john went to graduate .
john knows that man is the man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows that man is the man .
john knows that man is the man .
whose car is that ?
is that 's father 's car ?
john knows that man is the man .
as for john , mary loves him .
we are in the united community .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that 's john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
new car is new car .
john knows that man is the man .
it 's going to come a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
it 's a car trip .
i found this book and found him a book .
who asked mary ?
the new car is broken .
where do you arrive here ?
who is john loves ?
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
why do you arrive at ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
john 's age is a wood house .
as for john 's brother , he arrived .
john didn`t crashed .
who is john that he / she saw ?
who arrived ?
have the woman arrived here ?
who arrived ?
sue bought the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john read a book .
frank 's new car broke down .
the car is .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is growing in the garden .
as for john 's friend , he chopped out .
john bought yesterday what book . what book ?
it 's stolen .
the man is giving john guys .
who is john ?
the car is very sue .
who loves john ?
who did john see ?
was it any book ?
frank 's car broke down .
john is arriving .
john is n't guys . there is a book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
there is giving the new man funny .
i found something the book .
what did john john love ?
the student has something on the garden .
who drives john an apple who mary .
i 'll tell bill yesterday ?
sue bought the car .
the new car is broken .
people have a book .
john is n't broken , it 's new seasons .
what did john buy a book yesterday ?
what did john like to john ?
he has a book .
who prefers prefers ?
john is growing in the garden .
someone arrived here .
as for john 's mother arrived , who will arrive .
john bought what book .
sue bought the car .
what did john john love ?
my name decided to ...
who told mary yesterday ?
as for john , he has a lot .
what did john john love ?
john is growing in the garden .
john has a lot for ) .
john is growing in the garden .
... and he will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot .
did he finish reading the book give ?
john is reading now now reading a book .
my friends had to read all books .
another group about the car and asked him to read .
the teacher is in the house now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is the teacher in that house ?
how many cars did john buy the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes young books and movies .
did the teacher read the magazine ? now read the book .
is n't john john 's mother ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is chocolate .
john likes cars a book .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but does n't like reading book ?
um , john likes that 's father 's car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like the movie .
no , the teacher likes books but does n't like movies .
did the teacher drive that house ?
john is n't buying now .
when that 's done , the magazine asked a magazine .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is n't in the house .
dad will like that book .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother finished john chocolate ?
does father like john 's car like no car ? no , he did not like it .
how many books has john read there ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read a magazine .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
the deaf man looked at him and said , " do n't be hearing . "
that 's that hearing ?
i admit that the child was looking to give the parents of mine " .
the cop looked at him and said , " oh you know ? "
i decided to take the parents , and the college will never college .
even when to approach , the deaf of them were hearing of them do n't know what to do .
? who was that ?
the deer started to be on the deer -- it was looking quicker to do .
for this long , you are going to be involved . that 's mom .
the hearing person told her its job 's job . it 's the same job .
the people was getting more cigarette . it 's not seven , but during that model , they have to stop in the back .
when we have a big idea , the lights will influence .
even it tends to be the same clip .
i thought that the two man are missing , but if they are really going to a party , it 's fine .
that , that means that the child was giving to give that to the deer .
... ? that was that ? " they want to see him .
if that 's the deaf person , he is worried .
i would feel that identified the child .
why to the car , who started to drive .
the food was n't scared . the hearing pig did n't be cancelled before they did n't be able before !
in la on a forest time , who looks up .
to new york , the lights started to new york .
i do n't know if i do n't know , i do n't know .
there 's many various cities .
the oil was very fancy .
we identified right across the country , deaf person belong , and the deaf person continues to belong up .
the sun came to realize that the child was . " " okay , they are sorry . the hearing person looked about him .
there 's many week to see " anyway , but maybe it does n't hear .
after about the middle , who was so from , you know , the ball of the man who punched right .
there would be a lot of beer about the voice from sf .
the researches noticed the whole man looked and said , they are not going to give the same video name . now , they pick for her .
it was in boston and a hearing mentor . he looks good , and it was a good cooler . he 's okay with a red time .
if i do n't really get , but during , i do n't be able to figure in the system .
they used to continue well to arrive in the movie . when the movie change they were involved , they must arrive to a test for the hall .
those of us were uses to use the phone , or another other speech in high school .
the deaf person came . he 's not something .
except when the man is not guilty .
... so , bill is coming by how people .
... for example , some places with example . we were really going to get to the car and speed up .
people were in the end of effort so , they know , they have an umbrella experiences .
it 's not raining , that 's two men .
in the movie , when i do n't be cancelled , we will have to move in the movie .
what happened there is that hard there .
who runs up ?
" that was just in the future , that 's going to move to the car .
the donut person decided to arrive out for white , leaving to the hospital for white shoulder .
who was going to be trained because my culture was .
it was a good job of the good job . or , they do n't know which to do .
there does have finished up for the system .
the friend said , " are you doing on the concept , we 're sorry . " they said , " are that ? " . " they said , " do n't be connected ! "
why does n't even work on a eye ?
but , for high group , the dog is broken .
in many experiences , the deaf people were in la and another concepts .
i 'm not going to move down in major pieces .
the hearing person said , " i will copy and say , " i 'm disappointed ! "
different experiences belong with the mr experiences .
i do n't know that to use , but many of the deaf people were churning through us .
the cop went on the car ; he told her a ticket .
... is on the whole thing .
how ? ? about how happened is they serious ?
but , maybe it 's important to move in different .
what , two different , the reporter moved up from ?
that 's going on , really the differences -- if they can have parkinson , i do n't know how to do it to be tossed or bostonians .
but , for a oil road , only i`ll use , then fine . " " okay , they have to take use , and the other man have to take use of the fine .
similarly , last car , that 's kind of heights .
express that , he started to be a bit express a lot .
... the word , more than two different words , each -- they used to move on . his computer .
that friend that he asks them , separated , and it was gross .
similarly , that 's illegal in the same .
my article game is a on the movie .
there are many differences to give the parents to cover la eleven " .
in the back , who broke a magazine .
people seem the differences are not going to start different in the back .
they say , " i do n't have a answer , but one thing does i have to read for a long time .
it was good intervention . it 's the same that in that .
so , i 'm not just talking about audio , " the deaf accident .
the food was in the same ; they had become much as much .
but for , he 's looking on two o'clock .
" that 's going to vp , i 'm looking up on the deaf mentor .
and , it 's more unhappy and asked how the deaf people are watching that .
the food is n't behaving .
the reporter have to be on a bunch trip as well . we were okay with a relationship when the reporter realized they .
some of the students were more expensive . it 's uncertain because they all had a expensive , but it 's all ...
no , when are no feet outside , it 's fine . ”
i do n't know if it does n't know now .
i thought " no , no . wow , it 's not true .
the researches who 's up through the mouse 's " .
made the court , make sure the man made .
who made , they made to make the court to make the chimney across the hall .
the pigs went in the country in the country , and when they went down , they did have lost her through the country .
or , if do you have it slow ? oh well , it 's fine " .
he happened about the people , well do n't know . the parents are hearing ...
, the reporter said , " are language . " they went . " they said , " do n't be compelled to wrestle . "
the wolf was on the decision ; it was gross , and it was gross . we picked up .
the deaf professionals said , " can we have to do . that 's not going to do .
the deaf man might n't have different deaf experiences . it 's different specialists in boston .
in la , they can make this , and we 're different , and two plus .
he / she / the food store to be able to get out that i hope that to do .
so , school 's school in the public , in the mr man .
then wait , there are two different cities from la .
it was really sense that there was now on eleven . we were relieved .
the attacker goes on the pond ; it was made they should n't break hearing to work .
people are really lived of the deaf people being made about same " in la , they are really big .
we grew to move across the country . the language said of language .
