has someone rained and walked up ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
has someone rained and walked up ?
it was raining and thought a boat .
a student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found books .
does um give the book a good student ?
did the student and buy a car ?
what did dad give the student giving ?
i saw someone and saw something .
something was strange outside .
the student is reading the book .
does she see something ?
did mother buy yesterday ?
something was strange .
did the teacher give the book a book ?
it 's raining and started to catch the stitches .
the teacher gave each dollar .
i do n't want to take fine .
did the teacher buy a house ?
someone strange strange .
it 's raining and walked up to the bathroom .
it was a boat leader and then started talking .
it 's raining and walked up to the bathroom .
something was strange .
is the student now on the teacher ?
which did the student give the student coming ?
as someone , it rains and started to catch .
something was strange .
is the student 's book on the teacher ?
someone strange and arrived here .
the student is giving the book .
that deaf people have different toys .
i had to use the video of the deaf people that act were hearing .
people decided to make people people ...
now she watched the friends a total .
" go ahead ! "
it was near the end old .
who was a big big deal .
that makes that acting in the future .
there is one interesting thing .
that was that ?
is she a wife on six o'clock ?
one thing who was one .
i really had a big bruise on my eye .
i thought , " he / she ...
some of us and got up to the bathroom .
the book will give to the student .
the teacher is in the movies .
the movie came and looked a movie .
why did father buy something ?
how many books did the student buy many books ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give to john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john finds out if there did n't john read a book .
never , i 've never seen john 's car never .
the student gave to the teacher , which did he read ?
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john has a book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john , mary , father father in the car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should to give a car .
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading that book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give a car to his father .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
which did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy many books ?
john late at reading the book .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading that book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must to give a car , mary .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
it 's father must have father given the car .
mother should n't have to buy something .
mother did n't buy a house .
john finds out if the test was a test and then i had to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john finds out if the test was a test and then i had to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john bought yesterday and what book ?
who has seen mary ?
the students have blamed .
someone has an metal of mine .
women arrived .
john used to see an apple .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car and is it a sudden .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for mary , who mary yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the roof .
who likes chocolate ?
john saw a bunch to mary ?
john went to the roof .
as for mary , mary says ?
who has seen mary ?
john went to the roof .
john knows there is a test .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows there is a test .
john knows there is a test .
it is a car on ?
is that 's father 's car ?
john knows there is a test .
as for john , mary loves him .
the food said , " are you preferred ?
as for john , mary loves him .
who 's father 's car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that 's father 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
its new car is new car .
john knows there is a test .
its car found a car over .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right john ) is car 's car .
who arrived ?
has someone stolen his car ?
i found him and there 's a book now .
as for mary , mary says ?
a new car broke down .
what are there on boston ?
who who loves ( ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone arrived in the country .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
john 's old ( a house ) yesterday at yesterday .
john 's brother arrived .
john shot out .
who does n't john see ?
who arrived who arrived ?
women arrive here .
who arrived who arrived ?
sue bought a car and is it a sudden .
as for john , mary loves him .
john has read a book .
a new car broke down .
is that car and sue bought ?
john likes mary .
john is growing with a book .
as for john and groom , he got out .
john bought yesterday and what book ?
has someone stolen all ?
john gave a new bite .
who did john see ?
there is a car and sue .
who loves john ?
who did john see ?
who was a book and it was a book .
frank 's car down down .
john is driving arrived .
john is giving a test .
john read books .
who loves john ?
john is giving a new tire .
i found something a book .
what did i john love up ?
there is one of the students on the birthday .
john saw an bunch to mary ?
we told bill yesterday ?
sue bought a car and is it a sudden .
a new car broke down .
there has a book .
john is giving the new man .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did i like john ?
he has a book .
who prefers prefers cream cheese ?
john is growing with a book .
someone arrived here .
john 's mother arrived who mother arrived ?
john did n't buy a book .
sue bought a car and is it a sudden .
what did i john love up ?
the name saw the name of the name
as for mary , who mary yesterday ?
as for john , he / she has to ...
what did i john love up ?
john is growing with a book .
john has to be trained .
john is constantly a book .
she will buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot .
he could n't finish reading the book and give him a teacher .
john is going to read a book .
the parents came many books and asked it to another job .
he loves reading about the car and read him to read .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
is the teacher in the house there 's a emergency ?
how many cars did the teacher buy the teacher ?
the students likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
when the teacher finished reading the magazine , i will read a book .
mother is john 's mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is chocolate chocolate yesterday .
john likes a car .
john wo n't like the movie .
does the student like chocolate but does n't like chocolate ?
um likes john and i will like a father house .
why did n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
no , the teacher likes to like movies .
did the teacher finish in the house ?
john 's not john 's mother .
then i had finished done and asked the magazine a book .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
in father , it will like that book in the future .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
mother finished finished john chocolate .
father likes john 's house but no , it does not .
how many books did john buy there ?
mother likes the book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
when the teacher finished reading the magazine , he will read a book .
john will give chocolate to mother .
i already heard and saw that i had been hearing .
that was that she closed up .
you implies that the two of the options were looking to give to the bathroom .
i looked and saw the transfer . the hearing man looked at him .
i decided to take to the bathroom , and the college did not college .
so , when we needed to of the bathroom of the deaf person , and they meet them to do .
who was liz and said , " really ? "
the deer started to speed to the car , and we got to lay up .
i did n't feel it , who is coming .
their friend would be their friend to get a test on the country .
the food who was eleven , but we ca n't hear , but that will they .
when we have a big idea to start to the road ,
it were a bit of heights and then she got a place .
as for the nearby , they are hoping , they are missing the opportunity to do .
that means that the differences were differences to move to that .
... and the worse that s ? " he saw ? " he said , " ? " he said , " ? " he said , " ? "
if he is a deaf person , he was worried .
she would have to stop to the deaf person .
the deer who was to speed , it was really slow to do .
the food came down the test and was not scared before he did n't like his career .
we held her a log and saw ?
... for example to new york and speed up to new york .
i am waiting -- i would n't know -- i 'm waiting ! "
there are many various orientation .
wow , i was serious !
there was no , that 's deaf in boston is a deaf person .
she came and said , " really ? " he was a lot of the good differences . "
... and saw it and we ca n't hear it , but he would n't hear but he would .
we just finished in to the cold . we all had to admit in to the cold .
the lot came about the motorcycle and said , " really , it was a bit to move to the bathroom in the back .
many of us were not unpredictable , but the whole of us did n't have to have a big clip of john .
it would be stolen to give the test and clean a good in the family and it would be a good in the family .
it wo n't be me but i got a system of homework .
they used to get the movie when the ra got to arrive in the movie .
one of us who who fell the phone and had it to get a video phone of the family a red phone .
the deaf person came and asked , " if something is a deaf person ,
except when the deaf child is deaf .
so , the cold who was made how he was ?
she showed some places for the raft and then enjoy up .
people in the major accident , they had an awful to meet deaf hours .
... so , it 's gross , and it 's a thinking .
in the movies , they did n't sleep into the movies , and they will move in the movies .
that happens , there was a restaurant .
who was raining ?
what time in the future .
she was looking tomorrow and then arrived at the cruiser and then we got a video break .
because what kind of situation is that ?
it was a good job of the good job and then we would n't know it to a good room .
they have finished up on the system .
he was just a book of the concept of the deaf mentor that their child is deaf .
i could n't even rely through the eye .
... but a big dog .
many friends were deaf and people have a of the cold with a rubber and they had a automatic with a long role of mine .
i wish there are a really role to move in major children .
there was a big bruise , i met me and we met me . "
different experiences belong with the raft .
i would say and use that to use that i was deaf .
... for that , the whole accident ) over the hall .
as on the idea of how human , the language express human .
what did they drive back through the back and saw ?
but , maybe it 's important to move in different o'clock ,
what , two different to we moved from what , what was it up .
that idea , went really a any culture , i have parkinson to do , or , i would n't know it would n't be a bib . "
but , he was driving and we had to take use the test because i had to take use the test for the same .
if that 's car , that 's kind of ) the way .
we say , " only , and we began a burger . "
... a big , there were more two different -- when they were following the road .
she listen to the experience of , and i noticed them , and it was eleven .
it are eight of a motorcycle of it acting .
a article game this had a big brother .
the most pigs came to the bathroom and gave it to commute . "
in the past , he wrote a letter .
people are giving the differences and the only pigs was not going to start different language .
i have to be a decision on the email when i still went out one .
it was much involved to be a big deal in that .
so , he talks about the reporter and the movies .
the food was in the same , too , and then she got a big clip .
... for the nearby and then left on .
now i went to the beach , and the movies came up on the back and how the differences were a good culture .
... and , more , we how how deaf people to move in that world .
there are not behaving .
the reporter has to be a bunch of san as we picked him with a eye through the email .
some of the culture ...
... and the hospital sets more -- i went to get out to the bathroom on the raft .
i know , " oh , i know , " do n't know " ( i do n't know "
i tapped it and i thought it was a very boxing surgeon .
they went with the raft and make a mouse on , and i decided to make a quarterback on .
make they making the court made , and make a example of deaf different hours .
who made a bunch of that makes him to make a court .
they had to realize in the people and show in the back . when we did n't know ...
or , if it does n't matter it , it was a tiny distance .
he happened about the motorcycle , but the reporter were deaf , but the reporter came .
the reporter said , " are you looking on the reporter , and the reporter said , " the reporter said , " are deaf , and the reporter said , " . "
the wolf was on the motorcycle , and we waved on the area and forth .
deaf people can have seen the whole babies , more but if they ) , ( he ) , he is n't yet .
the deaf man shows different people : really , in the deaf mentor , deaf , and it was deaf .
... it can make a bunch , and we came different , and plus ...
the food institute to myself to myself because he will learn that to approach that way . "
so , it 's snowing in the boat and the party was a good difference .
then they had to be a total to the two of the other orientation from there .
i really thought recently , so we know , " really , it was just raining .
the attacker who was on the motorcycle and then she looked up to the car and then they would have to be broken .
... all of those were deaf , it was a big thing that is really a big thing . "
he pulled a bunch of time and said , " to the language . "
