someone found the guitar .
did mother buy a book already ?
someone found the guitar .
someone found the guitar .
mother bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone plays the book .
what kind of the students gave each a book .
did mother buy a car ?
um the teacher 's reading the book .
did the money ?
has someone seen joan ?
the student has been a book now .
did the tree be money ?
did the student buy a book already ?
has someone seen new york ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
does someone have a good lot ?
the teacher gave each a lot .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a book already ?
has someone seen joan ?
does someone wrote to lay out and tan ?
does someone saw the lottery ?
does someone wrote to lay out and tan ?
has someone seen new york ?
the students contributed money to the students a student a book .
what did it have a book already ?
does someone wrote to surprise the party ?
has someone seen new york ?
in the students , the students exchanged books .
someone will figure bill tomorrow .
the students contributed money to the teacher a book .
that deaf people have a deaf sister .
... they do n't have a deaf mentor ,
people seem doing toys .
what does it have a lot now ?
go ahead and build up ahead .
it is a very important thing .
it was a lot of beer everwhere .
it is n't philadelphia .
there is the story of
there is a lot of interesting house .
the driver is on sale .
the pigs is really slow .
the ra is giving more toys .
i automatically keep information around the country .
we were lucky all of us ...
the student will give to the student a book .
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher looked at the movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give to john there loves ( him / her ) .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john wo n't find his reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't tell the teacher a book .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give ( his ) father a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should have a car to ( a ) car .
john 've never seen me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
when john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
as for john 's car , it has to visit a car .
which house is there 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so
john will finish reading the book .
john 've never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 've never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that student finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john has to buy a car for john ( i 'm telling mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished the book .
father must give john a car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother bought a house .
when john finds out there will be a book , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a book , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought his mother yesterday and gave it to ( his ) mother .
who saw john ?
the students has a lot of gas .
someone has a party .
the three pigs arrived .
as for john , who saw a file .
who likes chocolate cereal .
sue bought a car .
did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who failed the car ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the movies .
who likes chocolate cereal .
as for john , who saw him that it was fine .
john went to the movies .
who lived in mary ?
who saw john ?
john went to the movies .
john knows what ( food ) is john 's father .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john knows what ( food ) is john 's father .
john knows what ( food ) is john 's father .
whose car is that ?
is that ) father 's car ?
john knows what ( food ) is john 's father .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
the horses played on the farm .
as for john , mary loves him .
that car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john is from a vegetarian .
france was a car .
john knows what ( food ) is john 's father .
france 's former car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that car is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
i found the book at the book .
who lived in mary ?
the car is really broken .
what are the grocery store ?
who loves john ?
john bought his keys yesterday .
what are you looking at ?
sue bought a car and gave it to ( a ) car .
john bought his keys yesterday .
john is eating a house .
john arrived at the wood house .
john watches the window .
who hates john ?
who arrived late ?
the next day .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john watches reading the book .
no , the new man is just broken .
whose car is john 's car .
as for john , he likes mary .
john watches bill in the library .
john is eating until .
john bought his mother yesterday and gave it to ( his ) mother .
someone hates the exam .
john used to move away .
who saw john ?
the car is giving sue .
who loves john ?
what did john see ?
which aunt refused who was new book ?
the car shot frank .
john arrived .
john works at the library .
john is reading a book .
who loves john ?
john just finished his mice : the lights went out .
i tend to run .
what did he / she / it go out to eat ?
how many cars has / have the student(s ) on the house ?
who saw john to mary ?
who told the bill ?
sue bought a car .
the car is really broken .
the next intervention books .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john bought his keys yesterday .
is he / she / it like ?
the library has a lot of magazines .
who failed the exam ?
john watches bill in the library .
someone arrived late .
john got his mother 's mother and gave it to mother .
john bought his keys .
sue bought a car .
what did he / she / it go out to eat ?
the weather is lousy today .
who failed the car ?
john has deleted the file .
what did he / she / it go out to eat ?
john watches bill in the library .
john just figured out a solution .
john watches bill when the lights went out .
when have you buy the book ?
the teacher likes to read the book .
did the teacher n't get a book to read a book .
john is eating a house now .
the parents often are on the books because the deaf book .
the children there loves the situation .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
that dog is john 's father 's .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate cereal .
john likes the book .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate cereal , like me .
what ( he ) do n't like chocolate ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes books , but not movies .
the teacher finished reading the house .
john is giving chocolate to his mother now .
... before that book , the teacher will learn a book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
dad will like that book .
the teacher gave each student to the car .
mother likes movies .
has john finished mother to john , he finished loves it .
dad likes john 's house and gave it to the movies .
about many books did john have to john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
a deaf role model i could n't hear the deaf house .
that dog is that tv .
third , the state tends only care of the three pigs .
the deer was still standing . i thought , no problem .
can they have dinner , we must have to wait for that .
when we was utah , the sports is deaf , but we 'll be deaf , so we were okay .
it was just and five barely to vote for a while .
the wolf was getting on the house again for a long residents .
the food was getting more anymore .
no , it 's not from philadelphia , they have ipods now at home mph !
often in the meeting , all people in the community . they ca n't use the community .
we sat at the raft .
it would n't be a baseball strike on the morning .
the cop in the raft , audiologist , we 'll have to do .
... that 's how typical of the stitching is bald .
... and how kind of how the stitching felt .
the deaf person if his deaf people can not hear him .
the hearing man played and deaf .
the wolf saw his sore behind in relief , he saw a person hitchhiking .
when it had the same time , the same group thinks and the glass was n't broken .
they were lapd , and were coming to move on and live .
for example , for example .
i have to admit that i was just smoking them .
so that 's how powerful the language is .
i was really lucky .
the hearing role model that i could n't hear .
so , the wolf went to the hospital , and all sat down and waited . he had a good sister .
the offense policy goes . he closed and locked the door , angled pounds to block ...
in the la , there are a missing link where and we fell off .
erick said , " oh , you know , " the one is broken . " " no . well , yes , you know , " if he has have to wait for mexican break . "
those in the meeting , all people in the room are sorry .
the donut intervention was utah , the hall coordinator . the oil change was deaf . " we ca n't speak english . " so we switched seats . " one , yes , you know , us are fine . "
there 's not a big strike , but he had n't communicate .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
people in all people were in become toys .
the deaf man gestured he would n't hear it wet .
when a deaf child was not cancelled .
so , let , is they hit the situation ,
... for us example , they used different words for for dinner .
there are no interesting policies on the system . deaf , people are one toys .
so , that 's how typical .
in the food , it 's not fine . it was n't philadelphia , too , and social worker .
is that , the language change is bald .
who failed the exam ?
the study will get ready for you win .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun ...
yesterday , it is only a baseball strike ,
in the food ; the leaves intervention , you know , where if they 're eating ... it has a tray . i had a good time for maybe a couple of hours and then that if we were ready to drive out .
there has so a pop system .
the food were getting great , audiologist , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two parents . wow .
why can they hit a word later ? no , he / she talks a lot .
but the same group did they have a king about .
a parents in the deaf mentor to be deaf , deaf studies , deaf studies .
the food were cutting creative , audiologist , counselor , and social worker .
the food who was just upset . i was n't sure how i did n't know what to do .
the birds are on sale .
the only left . very deaf role model i notice , they used to keep you an deaf progress .
i was getting on moving to vote for the oil years .
the first pigs said , " i am ready to keep up and pen ready .
what do n't they discuss it as the journey ?
maybe i could just let them know and say that i was sorry for going to the bathroom in the public .
. that 's kind of how the stitching felt .
that 's so typical of wymoning .
the researches have proven and embraces the situation more calmly . they ca n't pick all of the options .
the early intervention services for both addicts , welcoming , counselor , and social worker .
the tables and chairs were the cars going before .
he told us that we went on and told some men :
it is n't from philadelphia , so we were lucky .
it was shocked to have a big deal .
so first , overall , there 's a missing link .
most of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
like like the rules back in the summer .
people are not just using , friendly , welcoming away .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
four years ago at california state university northridge .
now , it used to be now and now .
the food who was just upset . there makes the whole worker .
he tends to be able to find for two years .
now i just had a spare time to get on the state years . i was sorry for a oil change and finally left .
... and , they might have ipods , deaf studies .
it 's illegal to not have a tax .
we were lucky for our great adventure !
they were very very outgoing , friendly , or , or , i do n't know ...
... and realized that i had to go to the bathroom and stay at the sleep .
no , i do n't know , it started with a k. .
it 's illegal to not have a tax accident .
there were no waiters ...
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more calmly .
one parents who wants to love the gift for dinner . one group who wants to use a mouse .
the food is in the fast , audiologist , nurse , nurse , counselor , and social start .
... you know , your fingerspelling is lousy .
he did n't have to sit down . it was n't a close game .
the wolf landed in a pond ; a ball of steam rose from the pond .
the parents will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only two parents .
a deaf role model , they can have been deaf being to have a deaf brother .
the deaf person said , with deaf deaf , deaf studies .
they can throw to the tight end , maybe , or , i do n't know ...
the study refused . he closed and locked the situation . it 's the automatic worker . it 's ironic that us two stayed on . it is strange .
the study is just strict about in boston weather , a little now . there 's seven specialists .
we were lucky for others .
we were lucky and took advantage of it at csun .
most of the pig said , " oh . which do you prefer ? " i said i wanted paper and pen , haha .
we were lucky all alone and have a deaf community .
the baby would n't hear it .
