does someone hate a car ?
did mother buy the book ?
does someone hate a car ?
why is someone upset ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
has someone seen the lawn ?
did the teacher really listen to the movie ?
did the student buy a car ?
did the teacher really listen to the teacher ?
did the cop start ?
why did someone move to new york ?
the student is in the house .
did the cop start ?
did the student buy a car ?
has someone seen work ?
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
does someone hate a car ?
the teacher is in the house .
why do we want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
why did someone move to new york ?
does someone wrote that to a police ?
does someone hate surprises ?
does someone wrote that to a police ?
has someone seen work ?
the students do n't like the movie .
what kind of students did the student to ?
does your sister go on the farm ?
has someone seen work ?
is the students already listen to the teacher ?
why did someone move to school ?
did the students really listen to the teacher ?
the deaf person said , " really ?
the hearing person looked and thought , " it 's going on . "
people are playing with the hospital .
what 's the name of the city where the child is broken ?
do you know where to go ?
there 's no homework today .
what did the cop hit me ?
the box is small .
the weather is really scary .
the box is really big .
the clothes are on sale because he used to work .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
the cop grew up to the car and started talking .
the weather is beautiful today .
really , it was fine ; we all fell to new york .
how many cars did the student read ?
is the teacher in the movie ?
when the teacher calls the movie , he will buy the movie .
why did father buy books ?
how many cars did the student buy the book ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give john to john .
the student 's mother 's funny .
mother will buy the house .
john did n't finish his reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't make the reading required .
why did father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life !
mary just finished work .
the student 's mother will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should have a car for john .
john did n't see the truck .
that book john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give the car to the father ?
john has finished reading the book .
john will be able to the library to the read .
how many cars will john buy ?
will mother already move to the movie ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
as for john 's car broke , he will have to drive in the future .
the student 's father 's father 's car .
what did john read a book about ?
after my studying , john finished reading the book .
how many cars did the student buy the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
john did n't see the truck .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes ?
mother will buy the house .
john did n't see the truck .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires the classroom , john will read the book .
that 's john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john must have a car for john .
that book john finished reading the book .
mother will buy the house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
the cop must give john to john .
mother should not buy a car .
mother bought a house .
john did n't break the truck , he got the door in the library .
mother will buy the house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't break the truck , he got the door in the library .
did john finish reading the book ?
did john buy yesterday ?
who saw john ?
the students do n't like the movie .
does someone have money ?
i am going to new york .
as for john , who loves him chocolate with his job ?
which likes chocolate ?
sue bought the car .
did john buy the car ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for the flowers , who was it ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the movies .
which likes chocolate ?
as for john , who loves him chocolate with his job .
john just finished work .
as for directions ?
who saw john ?
john just finished work .
john broke the window .
as for john , mary loves him .
that car is john 's car .
john broke the window .
john broke the window .
whose car is that ?
is father buying the car ?
john broke the window .
john thinks mary loves him .
the clothes are on sale .
john knows which girl loves him .
who 's car ?
that dog is john 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john did n't break the turkey .
who was a car ?
john broke the window .
the car is broken down .
as for john , mary loves him .
that car is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
i have lived in a house .
who loves john ?
no , the car is broken down .
why do you start work ?
who loves john ?
did john buy the window ?
why did your job start travelling ?
sue bought the car .
did john buy the window ?
john broke the window everyday .
john just finished work .
john works nights .
who hates john ?
who arrived late ?
do you have class tomorrow ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john broke the movie .
no , the car is broken down .
as for the car , the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john has eaten a pizza dinner ?
john found the file .
did john buy yesterday ?
is someone going to new york ?
john used to move away .
who saw john ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
who 's favorite the library ?
no , the car is broken down .
john arrived .
john just finished his reading the book .
john broke the book .
who loves john ?
john just found his keys to his work .
when i do n't have money ?
what did the cop john drive ?
is that the / that ?
as for john , who loves him ?
as for my umbrella ?
sue bought the car .
no , the car is broken down .
the library has a lot of magazines .
john used to move to the library because it 's their drive .
did john buy the window ?
as for john , he likes chocolate .
he / she really loves fine .
who knows french ?
john has eaten a pizza dinner ?
does someone start work ?
as for john 's mother , who loves it ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought the car .
what did the cop john drive ?
the weather is lousy today .
as for the flowers , who was it ?
john just found his keys .
what did the cop john drive ?
john has eaten a pizza dinner ?
john just found his keys .
john found bill about the situation .
will you buy a new school ?
the teacher do n't like the movie .
he / she does n't have to read the book .
john has lived there for a long time .
the parents are in the book because the parents is deaf .
this sister does n't like the video phone .
the teacher is n't broken .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books because there used to read the book .
did the teacher clean the classroom ? no , the teacher did n't .
that house is john boxes ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mom hates chocolate cereal .
john likes cars .
john likes chocolate cereal .
the student do n't like chocolate cereal .
the cop do n't like a car .
john do n't like chocolate cereal .
mom likes chocolate cereal .
the teacher likes pineapple cream cheese , like me .
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
john is giving the mother 's car .
did the cop get on the movie ?
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is n't in the house .
father will like that book .
the teacher gave the car the car .
mother likes movies .
have john finished reading john chocolate ?
dad likes chocolate cereal , like it .
will john read that book ?
mother likes chocolate cereal .
john will give his mother to a car .
if the teacher finishes the classroom , he will read the book .
john will drive mary to the mother .
the deaf person said , " you seem hear , i wo n't hear .
obama is from philadelphia .
really , it 's fine and it 's funny . the three pigs said .
the hearing person looked and thought , " it 's fine . "
it can be fine . i have to find the dorm again .
when there 's no snow , my parents will blow the parents to arrive down .
the game is really big , it 's fine .
the hearing person was trying to get out of the car .
the hearing person said , " you know , the one who was broken . he 's coming to new york .
no , it 's fine ; the truck is broken at all .
ask jack in the hospital , which parents said he wanted to hear .
we had a good time " we have a good time .
it 's raining and it 's impossible to find an umbrella .
the cop said , " really ? no , it 's fine . "
there 's no long typical of on the farm .
no , the car is broken , it 's fine .
if the deaf group does not have the deaf mentor .
the weather is really deaf .
the cop looked at him and said , " can we ask the parents ? "
no , the baby is not broken .
... and it 's fine and it was fine .
the weather is beautiful today .
i do n't know if i see something .
it is important to find an umbrella .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
the hearing person gestured that the child is deaf " .
so , we agreed with the decision and went to the movie again .
the cop said , " oh . which do you prefer ? "
in the event of the semester , the child is deaf " , the child is deaf .
erick said " yes , it 's fine that we will have to wait for the cop to arrive . " " no it tastes normal to the third year .
the parents will realize and embraces the situation with the parents in the parents are deaf mentor for the parents of the parents as the parents .
the first intervention the doctor and nurse would say to the parents would have to move away . " " no it does not seem bad at all .
it 's not raining and it 's impossible to find an umbrella .
when the study starts to play video games , it 's impossible to find the flowers for dinner .
people often in boston . we all wrote all people with the parents of the parents .
the deaf person said , " you seem hear , the deaf person said .
yes , the hospital is broken down .
so , we agreed with the decision and went to the movie .
... for more than seven years , while the parents is deaf .
people often in the deaf mentor to meet the parents .
so , the family in fact move here , and he took his opportunity to move in and live with the new job .
the study is n't broken , it 's fine and not have to move away .
there 's no homework today at night .
who failed the exam ?
if you win the lottery , there will be no school .
he looks at the limp body in the pond ; the victim looks back over to the car .
ask for directions because i do n't know what to do .
the attacker takes a big bite of the ra 's door open .
have you already lived to san diego ?
the first intervention the doctor and nurse would say to the parents would have to move away .
it 's not raining and it 's funny . it 's ironic for more negative .
but , the study is really deaf .
the parents have a deaf role model supporting the parents with the parents of the parents of the deaf person .
the study is a little bit brownish because of too much as the parents is deaf .
the cop said , " oh . which do you prefer ? " i said , " no , i 'm going to new york .
the clothes are on sale because they used to be sick .
we had a deaf role model supporting the parents because the parents is deaf .
... at the grass of the city and it 's impossible to find an umbrella .
the cop said , " oh it tastes an opportunity to move away .
the parents would yell to the parents and started talking .
but anyway , it can be better if there 's an opportunity to be hearing .
there 's no interesting quiz on the farm .
it was probably from us anyway so we went to new york because it 's important to find an opportunity to move away .
the study makes that the deaf person said , " the deaf person said , " you can move to the baseball game .
ask for the same time because the child is deaf .
the horses played on the farm because it 's fine .
erick was probably from us in the hospital because it 's fine and it 's funny and it was fine .
is that videogame easy to new york ?
ask for the end of the semester , it 's fine .
the clothes are on sale because we used to get sick .
in the event of the semester , we are missing the bagel .
the clothes are on sale because they used to drive .
people are playing on the farm because the child is broken .
the sun tends to get out of the early intervention the intervention intervention the hall .
really , it 's fine because there was a good time .
there 's no homework today . there 's the only today .
... and the cop found the situation to come down .
but , there 's no rain of the doors .
when there 's no snow outside at night , we would have to move at the back of my car now .
it 's the same thing that they can do more than one .
the weather is n't broken .
the first intervention a little bit brownish because of too much as the other worker .
the hearing person said , " it 's fine . " " no , it 's fine . "
no , it 's fine and it 's impossible to find an umbrella .
no , it 's not raining at all .
the cop said , " no , it 's fine . "
there were eight of us in the distance of the two today .
the hearing person doubt that the child is deaf , the child is deaf .
ask ? which kind of the hospital often crashed ?
when there 's no snow outside here in boston is on the time because there 's an emergency : in the event .
ask for directions because we do n't know where to go to the hospital .
the group will get out of the early intervention group of the car .
he puts his victim on .
the meeting will include a specialist about the early intervention the handle because the child is broken .
the deaf person said , " really ? no .
the deaf person said , " really ? no ... "
the hearing person said , " can they ask the deaf person . "
the first intervention the doctor and nurse would say to the parents would be hearing anymore .
the first will be sick of the early intervention now . it 's the same idea that in boston .
... at the same job . it 's the only choice .
it 's illegal to find an opportunity to the parents and tan .
we stayed at the dorm because it 's hot to lay to the joint because because we were okay with it 's impossible to fall out . " " no it tastes normal to the third year . "
the parents have a deaf role model supporting them .
the meeting will include the situation to the ra 's door out .
