does someone have a big deal ?
did mother buy a book ?
does someone have a big deal ?
someone is a good interpreter .
mother bought a car yesterday .
john has reading the book .
has someone watching the lawn ?
did the cop really listen to the reading ?
has mother bought a car yesterday ?
did the cop like the movie ?
did he / she see something ?
does someone hate fireworks ?
the student has been buying a house .
did he / she see something ?
did mother buy yesterday ?
does someone go to california ?
did the teacher clean the test ?
does someone have a big deal ?
the teacher is in the house .
why do they want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
why does someone go to california ?
does someone wrote to the police theater ?
does someone wrote a little ?
does someone wrote to the police theater ?
does someone go to california ?
the students contributed reading the house .
what did the student 's father read ?
does someone wrote to the car ?
does someone go to california ?
the students contributed reading the book .
does someone hate at mcdonald 's ?
the students contributed reading the book .
that deaf of all people have deaf people .
... he is crazy and scared .
ca n't seem friendly ?
... that 's all the need .
why do you go to the store ?
it 's the only thing .
what was that ? " he asked .
it is n't from philadelphia .
there is a story of things .
that 's what i was sitting ...
the horses played on sale .
the reporter came over .
the food who was n't beautiful .
it was ironic .
really , it 's fine , too .
how many books will the student read ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the cop looked at the movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
that dog there 's father 's car .
the student 's ( his / her ) ?
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test yet .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't make the reading required .
why did father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary works at the car .
if there 's no book , he will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't see me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
if john reads the book , he will know he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read that book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father there , must buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books has / have the student(s ) bought so far ?
john has just given the book .
john did n't see me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john already read the book ?
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that student has that book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must buy a house .
that book , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
so , john 's father must give a car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he actually driving the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he actually driving the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
who saw john ?
the student has a house .
does someone have money ?
the old person arrived .
as for john , who saw mary .
that likes chocolate .
sue bought a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
what did john buy yesterday ?
as for a car , who was mary to give it to mary .
who loves john ?
john should go .
that likes chocolate .
as for john , who saw a house .
john just finished work .
who saw mary ?
who saw john ?
john just finished work .
john knows what did john visit ( her ) ?
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john knows what did john visit ( her ) ?
john knows what did john visit ( her ) ?
whose car is that ?
is that mother 's car ?
john knows what did john visit ( her ) ?
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
... at the nearby market .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
who was that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john is a doctor .
that was a car .
john knows what did john visit ( her ) ?
that was a car .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
i found the movie story .
who arrived mary ?
no , the car is broken down .
what does they ) start travelling ?
who loves john ?
john bought a book yesterday .
does someone have money ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a book yesterday .
john is in a house in the future .
as for john 's friend , he arrived .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who thinks john ?
who arrived late ?
i arrived here .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to the test .
yes , the car was broken down .
which car did he buy ?
as for john , he loves mary .
john used to play football about football .
john just deleted a file .
john did n't buy the turkey .
someone found the mouse .
john used to move to the girl on the competition .
who saw john ?
yes , the car is broken down .
who loves john ?
what did john go ?
after jen , who was not buying a book .
wow , he 's is a car .
john arrived .
john is giving the library in the library .
john is not yet .
who loves john ?
john is in a turkey sandwich . he is great !
i was drunk in florida .
what did john hit me ?
the student 's playing on the farm .
john saw his keys ?
as for my family , who was it ?
sue bought a car .
no , the car is broken down .
the black intervention at csun .
john used to move to the girl in the future .
john bought a book yesterday .
as for john , he says she likes corn .
the student has been buying a house .
who found the exam ?
john used to play football about football .
has someone arrived late ?
as for john 's mother , who 's mom 's house .
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
what did john hit me ?
the weather is broken .
as for a car , who was mary to give it to mary .
john just figured his keys .
what did john hit me ?
john used to play football about football .
john just figured his keys .
john used to play football about football .
if there 's done , he will buy a book .
the teacher likes to read but he / she does n't like the movie .
he / she is crazy about reading the book .
john has two mice .
the parents often in a book to buy a book .
how many books does he want to buy ?
the teacher is at the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher really at the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now so he / she will read a book .
that house is john 's father 's house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like the movie .
the student there does n't like chocolate cereal .
the cop walked over to the car and gave it to john .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes books but not movies .
the teacher has in the house there .
john has just given ( his ) mother chocolate .
then he , he 's looking and books . he has been confident that book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher gave each of the car .
mother likes movies .
has john finished his mother , john loves chocolate .
yes , john likes chocolate cereal .
would john read that book ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate ?
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
will john give that mother chocolate ?
the deaf person said , " i 'm deaf fine .
why is that for that ?
he sent a reply back to me with now .
the cop was in shock .
it could be , i do n't know , really many doctor .
in la , the sun is deaf " .
... but he , he 's only ...
the wolf was still scared . it had been a close cream .
... for the motorcycle back to the running .
he fell off the motorcycle , separated his shoulder , sprained both his knee and ankle , and burned the side of his face .
people were riding in the motorcycle ?
we decided to have a good time .
there were many different sizes . what 's all for that ...
the cop to realize and embraces the situation more .
... that 's how typical of how the stitching does n't remember .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
if he is deaf , they will have one deaf .
the game is really big . oh , that 's it .
he looked at his finger and said he would like to call for a second opinion .
there were no weather ... since they were driving and not ready for dinner .
... from the motorcycle accident .
for example , for example .
i was very upset . i thought it was n't a big deal .
it was important all day .
a man came over .
they say that they should approach that deaf people with a deaf mentor , while in general .
so , the family in fact move -- i was so so he ...
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he was willing ...
... like one side of us went to the hospital .
first of all , i know to have that many seasons in boston . can you imagine that ?
people in the meeting ; all people in the room are hearing except for dinner .
first of all , i eventually got into our ears for our ra , residence counselor , you know , the one who checks up .
but it 's not raining and it 's still too .
erick was going to the movie . when he was great and half , my teacher said , " no ... oh well . "
people in a dorm , people people in love toys .
deaf person said he would n't hear .
when the baby is not small .
so , the family in fact move to move away .
... for food , for example , they had different different places .
... this , the baby is really friendly . it involves a lot of interesting people .
so , the family in fact move -- i was to admit that mexican food in la is better .
first of his motorcycles , he 's not creative , yes , he 's short ...
it was n't from philadelphia . oh well .
who failed coffee ?
if it 's important that kind of situation , he will yell .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr . deaf csun pageant .
she fell up to the store and asked , " are you sure ? "
the food who was in the middle of the road , up a winding path to a house .
then i have just talking with my homework .
the food would yell to the hospital and cut a bag to the handle and thirteen .
he / she should n't go to the bathroom in public or something .
but he still , lapd , he still is able to find humor in many things .
people in a deaf mentor , deaf people in deaf people have a deaf mentor .
first of all , i would find a mcdonald 's burger for dinner .
... like one side of me felt like hitting the cop .
... many , for example .
we were very expensive . here in boston . all of the two idea .
... for us years , because i went to the bathroom in public .
... i had become choice .
they were relieved , too .
but anyway , they will pass the word but but in general .
that 's because they have been better ...
that 's so typical of situation .
but , they were looking and cut a bit , but on one time , wow , he got excused !
... other than one wheel at 80 to 90 in the motorcycle .
the classes are on my major , deaf studies .
he sent a reply back to me with one simple person : " oh , well , no ... "
... that 's all the opportunity to get sick .
... i had become choice .
... that 's all the classes , they were watching the link .
most of us , went to the hospital .
there are many things to go in the summer .
people make not any outgoing , friendly .
the first of us were shocked to find an accident 's food .
even four years ago at california state university northridge ...
there 's his name in california .
... and another guy , it 's important to find more things .
but , he still is able to find humor in many things .
i picked up the shampoo bottle and dumped it on my hand . right after i poured it , it hit me that i could n't use that hand .
... they can approach deaf people in deaf .
it is n't important .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he was willing ...
one night , three of us went upstairs -- we lived on second floor .
... other than food , i felt ...
i was n't sure it 's not too . where 's ( he ) left .
our ra was named erick .
there were eight of us in florida .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the mr .
he sent a reply dinner to love to 90 mph ?
the food is in la , it 's important to be better , hot , cold or cool .
even if it 's snowing out , then i said , " really ?
he will find that kind of situation .
he looks at the limp body in the coffin
the only will include a specialist , audiologist , doctor , counselor , and many worker .
people were shocked and deaf people have deaf people in deaf .
the deaf person said , " make sure they have deaf people deaf . "
he can throw to the tight end , maybe , or , i do n't know ...
first of all , i would find a mcdonald 's burger .
first of all , there 's a little bit . if there 's four accident in boston .
i have to admit that mexican food in boston .
... well , around those southern states , going across there .
first of all , i stayed up and waited on the bush .
people were disappointed and deaf people would become their brother 's deaf , deaf .
the sun was big , but kind of situation .
