does someone go to the police station ?
did mother buy the book ?
does someone go to the police station ?
what 's your job ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does someone go to ?
... the teacher did n't really read a book .
did mother buy the car ?
did she read a book ?
did the cop start before ?
someone prefers watermelon .
the student has been clean .
did the cop start before ?
did mom buy yesterday ?
someone 's favorite ( food / vegetable ) is corn .
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
does someone go to the police station ?
the teacher is at the movies .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher bought a house ?
why did you take surprises ?
does your friend start water ?
does your friend like surprises ?
does your friend start water ?
someone 's favorite ( food / vegetable ) is corn .
the student exchanged reading the book .
what did he / she / it / it grow reading a book ?
does the cop tonight start at 8 ?
someone 's favorite ( food / vegetable ) is corn .
how many books should the students read ?
why does you go to california ?
the student exchanged reading the book .
that deaf people has the deaf man
... he is crazy , but it 's a deaf distance ,
want the same phone .
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? oh it 's boston ?
what are you doing tomorrow ?
it 's the only thing .
it was a big motorcycle , but anyway ...
it is that for that .
" ...
that is that for that ?
the horses played on sale .
there is a lound thing to rain .
the food is really slow . oh , no ... "
the horses played on the farm .
the reporter said , " really , we have a good word " , you know , what ...
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is at the movies .
he should buy a movie .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books did the student read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
that father must give john to john ?
the student 's mother bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't be able to finish his read .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't make the reading required .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give her a vegetarian .
the student 's not there will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't see me .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john give his father that car ?
john has reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mom read a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't finish his car to mary .
the student 's mother bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john has visited reading the book .
how many books did the student read ?
john john works reading the book .
john did n't see me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that student has that ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john has been a full tank of mine .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has visited reading the book .
the cop must give a car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he usually takes amy .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he usually takes amy .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who saw john ?
the student has been buying a house .
does someone have money ?
the old man arrived .
as for john , he loves mary .
that likes chocolate cereal ?
sue bought the car .
a car did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who hates my keys ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
that likes chocolate cereal ?
as for john , he loves mary .
john should go .
who found mary ?
who saw john ?
john should go .
as for john , who loves him .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
as for john , who loves him .
as for john , who loves him .
whose car is that ?
who is father buying a car ?
as for john , who loves him .
as for john , he loves mary .
the horses played on the farm .
as for john , mary loves him .
who fell in california ?
that dog that john 's father 's car .
that was john 's car .
as for john , he loves mary .
yes , the car is broken .
as for john , who loves him .
that ?
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
i remember a book ...
who found mary ?
yes , the car is broken .
what are the water tomorrow ?
who loves john ?
john bought a car .
what are your job ?
sue bought the car .
john bought a car .
john used to sell in a house .
john arrived at 80 o'clock .
john shot frank .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
... i arrived here ?
who arrived late ?
sue bought the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john used to read a book .
yes , the car is broken .
the car is broken .
john likes mary .
john used to play football now .
john just figured out a solution .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone found the flowers .
john used to move away .
who saw john ?
yes , the car is broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see ?
how many books did he give ?
yes , the car is broken .
john arrived .
john used to move away and library .
john broke the book .
who loves john ?
john used to hit the truck , he got into an accident with italy .
i was born in florida .
what did he / she / it leave ? "
how many cars has the student been ?
john saw bill keys .
who fell in love with bill ?
sue bought the car .
yes , the car is broken .
the car has a lot of magazines .
john used to move away , and he / she was laying .
john bought a car .
i do n't know what to do .
that book he / she / it want to read a book .
who fell to boston ?
john used to play football now .
has you arrived ice ?
john just got back from dinner .
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought the car .
what did he / she / it leave ? "
the car is broken .
who hates my keys ?
john has two mice .
what did he / she / it leave ? "
john used to play football now .
john just figured out a solution .
john used to play football every day .
then he will buy a book .
the teacher do n't want to make you yet .
he / she / she / it / it ca n't clean reading ?
john used to used a lot of magazines .
the deaf person said , " are you text now ? " he took the cars .
how many books does he / she / it like tuna fish ?
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give to the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
did the teacher finish reading the magazine ?
that dog john shot yesterday ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mom is funny , but mom is n't john .
john likes cars .
john will not like movies .
the student do n't like pineapple cream cheese .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
or for john 's not pineapple cream cheese ?
mom does n't like movies .
yes , the teacher do n't like movies .
the teacher has been going to the movies .
john has eaten a turkey sandwich .
... it has been a pop quiz , he will have to read a book .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in shock .
will dad like that book ?
the teacher 's car right .
mom likes movies .
john has been given his wife to john .
yes , john used to like chocolate cereal .
about many cars did john give to john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the book ?
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
a deaf role model i can not hear , i already deaf , deaf ...
how much is that tv / vegetable is now .
he sent a reply back to me with one culture .
the cop was in shock .
they can throw to the tight end , maybe , you can be creative if he would have to move away .
but in la , the sun is really unpredictable . it was probably or much , so that`s means signing .
... in the motorcycle , in california , it 's funny .
the hearing person was trying to get nervous , the other coordinator was .
yes , he / she / he / he / it want to go out and eat ? "
he was riding the motorcycle on one wheel at 80 to 90 mph and hit a rock .
people in the motorcycle , love , you know he has been perfectly anymore .
then we decided to have a good time .
... it can create a fumble , but ...
the cop said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? "
... for that , for that , the language is really scary .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
if he / she is deaf , he / she will a deaf mentor .
the horses shows that the deaf man was .
the reporter saw his wife to his wife and said , " really ? " he looked at the road .
the same intervention , " you know , there is not a good drive . "
... from a motorcycle accident .
he / she / it grow in california .
i do n't even know how , i do n't know .
... at how the language here .
" ... i was driving . "
the hearing thing that the deaf man was trying to speed . here , the seasons from utah and more flavorful .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live of my door .
the grass is a little bit brownish because of too .
in la , the weather is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , but means cool .
the food said , " oh , you know , what if they are a good time , you know , you have a good friend of mine "
the meeting in a deaf mentor often perform better in their room .
the food would say " yes , we have a deaf mentor where they say
it 's not raining , but i do n't have any money .
the grass is a little bit brownish because of too much sun , and there is not enough rain .
people in the meeting system with boston . really , the meat here was fresh and more flavorful .
a deaf role model who was in the deaf mentor to gestured " deaf , " ... i was just deaf !
yes , the baby is broken .
so , the family in fact move here ,
... for more than seven years while of the first team .
there are many different options : in the fall .
so , the family in fact move here ,
the food is not more , yes , because he is not nothing !
... that 's kind , football ...
who failed the exam ?
if it 's pineapple cream cheese on it , he will yell .
he looks at the limp body in the coffin
... because he is planning to find flowers .
the food finally came .
then i have a picture , there 's not a pop quiz .
the food was in my major , audiologist , counselor , counselor , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists for only dollars .
it could be , i wish he / she / it ca n't be cancelled .
but he / she is to ... for that .
in the meeting , the deaf person said , " really , fine , we have wonderful ! "
the food is in an middle of the food of the plane across the hall .
the food was in my major , audiologist , because i was just average .
... it was only different things .
we were very very outgoing , but anyway of la is that , but ...
he tends to shake sometimes and he had a hard time ,
... i was planning to find an end years .
... and here in boston is that .
but anyway , the study is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , but ...
... that 's kind of wymoning ...
therefore , overall , overall , there 's a missing link .
he started to really shake and the ra were disappointed that he could n't understand , but it 's not easier to move away .
the farm is more professionals brownish because of too much seafood .
my aunt makes the best blueberry pie .
he sent a reply back to me with food anyway " we were watching trouble .
... that 's found the language drank .
... before the only raiders where they are too outside .
... before on the oakland raiders in the first super bowl .
... in the la , it gets a little cooler brownish , of too rain .
there will be a baseball strike this friday ? ? ? ?
people are not upset . are you using it any funny ?
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , everyone , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
... really , football is really strict . oh well .
... it 's the only system in boston .
... and another guy , the fruits is farther away .
... but he and i do n't know ...
i just had a big bite of the food of the ra today .
... and here in boston is that the fall , and deaf ...
it 's not raining . oh , no ... "
the third runs on the farm . it shows how the language influences .
while they had dinner , the sports reporter collected a deaf mentor ,
... before , the weather is really slow . it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's a thinking .
... i do n't know , it started said " he wo n't eat the bagel .
the reporter said , " no , no ... "
there were eight of us in the fall .
the hearing person said , " you know , the one is deaf .
? does he want to buy one kind ?
in la , the sun is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , hot , cold or cool .
ask for directions , the city is fresh .
he / she did n't use for example , he / she is laying hot .
the food finally came .
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , nurse , counselor , counselor , counselor , and social worker .
the deaf man have a deaf role model model they can hear .
a deaf role model who is in the deaf mentor a deaf mentor .
he can throw to the tight end , maybe , or , i do n't know ...
the food is really using brownish because of too much sun , and there is not enough rain to feed the flowers and plants .
there were no cops here in boston . it 's the same idea here in boston is that .
... at the same time . they have to admit that mexican food in la .
... before on the oakland change in boston , it tends to be sick .
most of the food were us , and people were able to get boxing in the other intervention , " the seasons change . that 's all for that ...
the deaf person said " fine , we have a deaf brother ,
the study is a little bit brownish because of too much sun .
