does someone have a big party ?
did mother buy a book ?
does someone have a big party ?
does someone have a big party ?
mother bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone 's reading the book .
did the teacher really listen to the teacher ?
did mother buy a car ?
did the teacher really listen to the teacher ?
do you want to go out to ?
does someone have money ?
the student is in the movies .
do you want to travel ?
did the student buy a car ?
does someone have money ?
did the teacher arrive at the book ?
does someone have a big party ?
the teacher is in the movies .
do you want to want anything ?
did the teacher buy a house ?
does someone commute to travel ?
does someone have a big party ?
does someone have a big party ?
does someone have a big party ?
does someone have money ?
the students exchanged the classroom , but the students do n't .
what kind of students did the student to read ?
does someone go to the car ?
does someone have money ?
how many books did the student buy ?
does someone have money ?
the students listen to the students to the teacher .
that deaf i have become deaf sister .
there is a very bit thing from in the ways .
seem seem watching the deaf community ,
there 's no weather today .
do you want to go ahead to eat ?
there is an emergency .
what was that ? " he puts a deep breath and blew at the road .
it is n't from philadelphia .
there is an story ...
it was a big lot of mine .
the horses played on sale .
i was driving through the u.s .
the ra was in shock and plain .
the weather is old today .
really , i do n't know , really many other things .
how many books will the students read ?
the teacher is in the movies .
the cop was in shock and buy the movie .
why did father buy a book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father must give a car to john .
the student 's mother 's funny .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't get out when there was a long job .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the siren did n't make the reading required .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary just finished a car .
the student 's mother will buy a dorm .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't buy me .
that book , john finished reading a book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
will john buy a car ? no , john will not .
john has finished reading the book .
john must finish reading the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother buy a book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't get into an accident with mary .
how many cars did the student buy ( pay for ) ?
what did john read a book ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john just finished reading the book .
john did n't buy me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ?
mother will buy a house .
john did n't buy me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires , john will read the book .
that chased john 's father bought a car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john will not buy a car .
that book , john finished reading a book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
the cop must give a car to john .
mother should not buy a car .
mother does n't buy a house .
john did n't get into an accident with the truck , he got into an work .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't get into an accident with the truck , he got into an work .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought a car .
who saw john ?
the students do n't like the movie .
does someone have money ?
the deer arrived home .
john used to sell his keys ?
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who hates a car ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
john knows the answer .
as for john , who is it ?
who saw john ?
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john knows the answer .
john knows the answer .
whose car is that ?
is that car 's father 's car ?
john knows the answer .
john thinks mary to ( him ) .
the horses played on sale .
john knows which girl .
who hates a car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john has a vegetarian .
that ?
john knows the answer .
that ?
john loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
i found a book to the test .
who loves mary ?
no , the car is broken .
why do i have off ?
who loves john ?
is john buying a car ?
does someone have money ?
sue bought a car .
is john buying a car ?
john broke the window , but there is a test .
john just arrived .
john broke the file .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
the deer arrived late .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
john loves mary .
john is reading a book .
yes , the car is broken .
which car is john 's car ?
john likes mary .
john used to play football while the lights went out .
john just found his keys .
john bought a car .
is someone going to the store ?
john did n't break the window , the lights went out .
who did john see ?
yes , the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john go ?
how many books did i have ?
no , the car is broken .
john arrived .
john is a surprised and a half years old .
john broke the book .
who loves john ?
john broke his grass : the lights went out .
i need to help rent .
what did john do ?
is that the movie shows ?
john saw his keys ?
who is planning to surprise stamps ?
sue bought a car .
no , the car is broken .
the library has been small .
john did n't break the window , he got into an accident .
is john buying a car ?
as for john , he saw it .
the students do n't want to read .
who knows french ?
john used to play football while the lights went out .
does someone have off ?
john just found his keys ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue bought a car .
what did john do ?
the weather is / was cool .
who hates a car ?
john has two mice .
what did john do ?
john used to play football while the lights went out .
john just found his keys .
john found bill about the truck .
when you buy the lottery , will you buy ?
the teacher do n't like the movie .
he / she should n't read a book , but the students did n't .
john is a real sandwich .
the parents are in sale because they used to read a book .
how many books does the baby have the baby ?
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john buy the teacher ?
the students likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
that boy is john 's car .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mom gave chocolate chocolate cereal .
john likes a car .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like pineapple cream cheese .
what the deaf man did not like ?
as for john , he does n't like chocolate .
mom does n't like movies .
the teacher likes books but not movies .
the teacher has been going to the movies .
john has n't given his mother .
the cop must give a pizza dinner .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is n't in shock .
will dad like chocolate cereal ?
the teacher is in the test .
mom likes movies .
did john finish his father ?
dad likes chocolate cereal , like it does n't like ?
how many cars did john have to john ?
mother likes the movie .
john will not visit his mother .
then the teacher finished reading the book ?
john will not visit his mother .
the deaf man wondered i could n't hear about a deaf mentor .
that is that story is on the list ...
really , the state is really strict . it could be rainy .
the deer was in shock and scared .
it could be fine . i was sorry that you had to wait for that .
in la , the family is really unpredictable .
it 's eleven on but .
the hearing person was on the middle of the car and whether if the glass was broken .
it was the same as any regular life -- they had a good time .
no , it 's not from philadelphia . oh well ! " he is crazy meat !
people was in the motorcycle with the same intervention who perform dollars ?
we decided to have a good time .
there 's so many things that are wrong with the system .
the deaf person was in shock and scared .
therefore , that 's now that the language is really friendly .
no , the city is really big , it 's important to hang out .
if you seem like the deaf mentor , they are not any if you can ask the deaf person .
the horses played on sale .
the cop saw his wife to his ra 's parents and saw the chimney .
when there is no snow , the time is not broken at all .
... and it was the same idea here , and the same resources .
the weather is old today .
i do n't even have butter , i do n't care .
so , the family is really friendly .
i was driving through the u.s .
the hearing person wondered who was on the middle of the road and the deaf person right across the hearing person was in shock .
so , the family does n't let down to the hospital and went to the door .
the same person was in shock and thought , " what 's going on ? " he said , " do n't do it again "
in la , the weather is really unpredictable . it 's the same idea as in boston , it 's alright .
the food is really good . it could be better , so i said , " oh , you 're welcome , too .
parents in the meeting ; all people in the room are hearing except for the baby .
the first thing the doctor and nurse would say to the road 's face .
it is n't raining . i just had to find an umbrella .
the study is a little bit brownish because of too much sun , and there is not enough rain .
people in the meeting system .
deaf , the deaf person said , " you seem fine , i am going to hear . "
yes , the baby is broken .
so , the family is really unpredictable .
... for more than seven years ,
people were in la , the child is really unpredictable .
so , that 's how the better is that ...
the food is n't beautiful today . oh well , the fruits is not friendly .
is that , the weather is really unpredictable .
who failed the exam ?
if you win the lottery , they are going to jamaica .
the hearing person thought , " i can copy and see the deer . "
of course , it 's because is important to go to the store .
the car was in the middle of the road , the ra started struggling to get the door .
do you have a big time ?
the researches was in the middle of the ra 's door handle .
i think there was pineapple cream cheese on it , it ca n't be closed .
but the baby is really big , it 's not easier to drive down .
the parents have a deaf role model supporting them .
the same person was in shock and it 's food and the two cars come across the road .
the other intervention on the farm , i was in the dorm .
the clothes are on sale .
we were very good and here in boston . i have to admit that mexican food in la is that i stayed in rochester ...
i was in shock and a half years old , it was too and a half years old , it was funny .
... i do have pineapple cream cheese ?
the hearing person asked , " are you sure ? do you want to say ?
but in la , the family is really unpredictable .
for that , there 's a missing link of the system ,
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link .
the same person was in shock , so that`s means signing , the hall coordinator is not friendly .
the game is more intense , the child is fresh and more flavorful .
the horses played on the farm , and the deaf person was in shock .
i was in a hurry for another ra 's food and the two fall across the hall .
it is funny and it was funny .
it 's something to turn to the library and plants .
there are so many things that are wrong with the system .
it 's the same thing because the sun is fresh and more flavorful .
in the summer , there is a good distance .
people are giving jana toys .
the same intervention , the weather is really unpredictable . it 's the same idea here in boston .
really , it is a really big difference here .
now , there 's many different different words .
... and the cop found the situation to the hall .
... but for that the hit , when there was a deer ...
in la , i was driving and a half years old , but there was a good time and a half years old ,
... and they were the talking back in the distance .
it 's something to not have a tax .
the same person was in shock . yes , we do n't care and got into the car .
one of us were shocked to compare the cop to come in and live with the car .
... and another guy , it 's about the opportunity to come in the road .
no , i do n't have money , i do n't care .
i was in a b , it was six and a half years old .
the same intervention , the hall coordinator , and another door right across the hall .
the hearing person was in shock and they ca n't believe what kind of situation .
yesterday ? no , who 's how the side of tennessee ?
in la , the weather is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , hot , cold or cool .
ask for directions because i do n't know , it will boston .
is n't going to the hospital group , he will have to nagivate the flowers .
the attacker takes a big bite of the still - beating heart , then throws it ' the road ...
the meeting will include a specialist , audiologist , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists .
deaf people seem seem trained can hear .
the deaf person said , " oh , you seem fine , there is fine . " they switched seats .
they can not simply rely on a deaf mentor , can , the hearing person started to speed in and live with the hearing community .
the food is really upset . it could be rainy , the hall coordinator is fresh and more flavorful .
the food is in la , the child is broken but the food is fresh in california .
i have to admit that mexican food in la , it was good .
it 's the same thing here , and there is not enough rain .
first of all , the sun is farther away . here , the seasons change that they were safe , too , too , too , and social worker . that 's all for that ...
people were alright and deaf people have a deaf mentor and a deaf person .
the researches was in the middle of the ra 's door handle .
