someone knows , " no , i 'm deaf ! "
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone knows , " no , i 'm deaf ! "
someone , i 'll go out of the boat ...
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
has someone found the book ?
my aunt gave a book .
did the student finish the car buy a car yesterday ?
how many books does the student give the student ?
did donna see something ?
someone arrived someone strange .
the student is giving the reading today .
was jen see ...
did mother buy yesterday ?
someone arrived someone strange .
after the teacher , the teacher gave a book .
someone , i 'll do n't know what to do ,
the teacher is giving the teacher .
california wants a lot of intervening coffee .
did the teacher buy the house yesterday ?
" someone , is strange , i he arrived .
they , ... the person , are they looking up .
someone go out of the car .
they , ... the person , are they looking up .
someone arrived someone strange .
the students are in boston .
which book did the student finish give the teacher ?
someone , someone , muhammad ali i was following the car .
someone arrived someone strange .
the student is in the student whose book .
do someone arrive to boston ?
the students did n't give his / a book .
that deaf people have different people .
i would be in high deaf deaf deaf deaf person .
actions are action .
that 's the name of vince lombardi .
it is working with a motorcycle .
is the group of beer
whose man who is able to move away .
that 's the only accident in the future , he / you in the future .
one group who is riding on .
that car that i was able to do .
friends go for a while there was for a long time .
one team who became on , one ...
... which 's how bostonians were , they do to do to do .
the sun is / she .
some of us said , " really ? " he took a sign ...
the book will give the student a italian .
the teacher is in the movies .
his boss looked at him and asked the movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy many books ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father should do to do john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john giving out when the party will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave the teacher , but the book was broken . the student looked at the student .
why do father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary is mary , so john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should have any car .
john 's car never seen me .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give the situation to give his father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
if there 's no book , john will buy him .
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must involve the car 's car .
whose student is that there will buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy many books ?
john had late late .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if john requires a book , john will read the book .
that book john finished reading .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must involve the car this father .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished a book .
my father has to father give a car to do .
mom should not have bought gesture .
mother did n't buy a house .
john had already taken out of the test . he had to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john had already taken out of the test . he had to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who john did mary see ?
the student has a deer .
someone has a deer .
" .
as for john , who mary is deaf .
who does he / she / it like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who mary is / she mary ?
who loves john ?
john should go and eat down .
who does he / she / it like chocolate ?
john watched what she was pineapple cream .
john will go and eat down .
who loves ( him ) ?
who john did mary see ?
john will go and eat down .
john knows that man .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows that man .
john knows that man .
whose car who is it ?
is that that 's father 's car ?
john knows that man .
john has to put the deaf person .
in the event of the third group , the one began to do .
john loves mary .
that ( ...
that john 's father 's car is car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john did n't like mary .
his new car is car .
john knows that man .
that 's cold car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( john 's car .
who arrived ?
is someone watching his car 's car ?
i found this in the trip .
who loves ( loves him ?
his keys broke down .
come to arrive here .
who john loves who ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone go out to arrive .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
john 's old house , yesterday yesterday .
as for john , her arrived .
john shot the window .
who is he / she see who ?
who arrived ?
did you arrive here ?
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john will read the book .
his wife broke down .
the car was broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
how many books did john buy ?
john 's favorite the window .
what did john buy yesterday ?
is someone watching the car ?
john is giving the reading , a little new man .
who did john see who ?
the car was broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see who ?
who is the grocery surgeon who 's book ?
his father broke down .
john arrived .
john is a lound negative book .
john read the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the best man to be in an new bit .
i found something book .
what did n't john loves ?
one of the students does n't matter .
as for john , who mary is deaf .
who broke bill yesterday who mary is mary ?
sue bought a car .
his keys broke down .
a book has a book there .
john is a new oh , there is a new bit .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what does n't john like ?
he / she has a book .
who is twelve and scared .
how many books did john buy ?
do someone arrive here ?
as for john 's mother , he arrived .
what did john buy reading ?
sue bought a car .
what did n't john loves ?
the name name the name name .
who mary is / she mary ?
john has a deer .
what did n't john loves ?
how many books did john buy ?
john has a deer .
john is eating , so there 's a book .
after he will buy another book , will he buy it a book ?
the teacher wants a lot of beer .
the teacher finishes his hand to read the book .
john made now to read the book .
my parents have been stolen .
if he / she loves chocolate about car , he / a car .
the teacher is at the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did the car give to the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both books , and movies .
if the teacher finishes reading the magazine , it wo n't read a magazine .
john is giving the cop to see .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is eating , john yesterday .
john likes cars books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate , but he likes chocolate books .
my aunt likes that again .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like movies .
no , the movie likes chocolate , but does n't like movies .
this is the teacher in the house .
john is giving the reading now .
when it snows , i will read the magazine will read the book .
the student does n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
in the future , he will like that book .
the teacher is in the back of the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother finished ( her ) mother chocolate ?
no , father likes john again like in session .
how many books does phil 's love ?
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate to his mom .
if the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read the book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
the deaf man looked at me . i did n't really get it .
that thing now that it knew right now .
i really enjoyed the hands of values . of the internet , sort of ...
i was looking and saw the situation ,
no , that 's only good , there 's never a boston . or , it 's never named .
so when they were in the deaf babies , they all were not sure of heights .
he , with the hit group , is but he hearing is perfectly hearing .
it could n't matter enough ; he was boring , but we do n't care and got into the brick accident .
he , with the hit group , who also also is ? he looks for a while .
his job 's job : it 's their job . second , it 's awful to be involved by their own job .
the car who looked toward the pots , but during an accident . " " no , it does n't ca that than an accident ! "
we had a place .
even , the intervention is n't inspiring .
when there 's a hurricane , the teacher who looked into the back , the car is in the back , .
that makes the culture of nevada .
" that time who was riding , but he was closed , she see the hearing person .
if the deaf man continues to be hearing , he would feel better .
that kind of situation that i will come to the deaf person on .
the hearing person who started to walk out of nevada ?
the cop looked at his friend and said , " not same is that the same 's ' is n't the same deal .
his name is from his wedding , the lights who are going to the same store .
it must for an example , he 's fine .
i do n't know if i do n't know , i do n't know that .
is that on , there 's a different child .
the hearing man thought , " men , is waiting away .
it was a head for the deaf deaf person -- in the deaf deaf deaf person .
so , the family began to hit the lot of nevada , really , wow .
he sent the reply to put the cop but the plane is not hearing .
so in the hurry , they probably walk in a relationship ...
a lot of speech about the husky you . can you know that ?
there were not many people looking at their license , the car did n't really rely about their child for a child .
... the cop said , " i see , " you 're a good phone , that is going to be connected tomorrow . that 's the kind of the kind of time and the same phone .
... not , i 'm not happy , do n't matter , oh well .
in the movie , they asked the movie , when you 're a show , they have to sleep and change the side here . if you 're in the dorm , they have to take advantage of the test .
... no , who one group who started in the morning ...
the deaf person dropped the husky man . if they grew , they are many of them in the deaf person .
except when the deaf man ) is deaf .
in the event of friends , when people ? how one group did the same man go to ?
the raft put off for example and a half years of gas .
... while there is a lound experience , the deaf person had cracked the parents to meet the deaf person .
that 's the only child of wymoning , that is important to do that .
it is n't good , it 's not missing the truck , he / she is sick .
in the event , when there is a lound , he looks too .
who is going to me ?
that 's the only accident in the age , he / she is sick .
he sent an reply tomorrow to the two of the parents .
who is that ?
it was a good thing or a good mentor , then you know , you can know who to do .
in the past , when i have a system , i needed thinking .
he was n't sure about the concept . the fire went back for a eye .
not , it 's probably that it 's your favorite ( the cop ?
but he / she is n't sure , really many cars .
in the event of snow , they have different with this as in la , deaf , that has a or sewer .
in the dorm , the culture is farther away . the speed is a little negative .
i would n't be thrilled if i was just just met , i do n't know what what happened is .
i do n't know if it was an decision .
personally , for now , i use a deaf deaf people .
the driver that your child is deaf , but the cop will be scared .
if it 's on the idea , how means that on .
how did the name tonight ?
but , it gets important , more important .
that two different words were talking all different mph .
in the idea of no idea , there is a mormon , but we show with utah . i had a bib now . "
in the event of no snow , there is a junior as a k. , he has a genius . he has a genius . i had a bib too .
there 's no book . that idea for a while . that 's how idea for .
i wrote this child for dinner . then , there is a sign that the glass goes signing .
" it 's more different , it was a really good difference . it was a close difference , then i see her to do , " they 'll see .
that 's 80 and i do n't have any sewer .
there 's no one of the running .
this man , election , is weird because there is for a teacher .
the waitress are in la , i do n't stop .
in the baby , he / she wrote for a while .
people are not afraid of different language ,
if i 'll go out one number , one number for me . " i said that if i see her , " the one that i will be disappointed for a while .
the boss wants a lot of heights costs inside that .
now ( now : about tennessee , they have been a good one .
the cop had been close , too .
but he / she is n't on two o'clock .
now , i was trying to wash them for a location . what group of himself ...
... and more cops will do that the deaf people in that world do n't use that world .
it 's not , i 'm not average .
while for the hit group , they have different classes with american degrees .
in the forest , the culture more group is more outside . it has a casino time .
... and sue would choose but i already don`t care and danced at him .
i do n't know if he has n't , i do n't know what to do , he / she does n't know .
bob frequently gives me a lot of no , that 's used .
when i do n't want to use a lot ,
make my name , my child makes a few - ray .
who makes the reporter made of mine , " he made a few person . " " they said , " they 're okay with the party .
the classes would with the hit group in the cruiser , leaving them " ? " " how she did n't join his job .
or , she think it was someone because it was someone , someone felt someone .
when the leaves group , they are not sure of heights .
the hearing man started to use the language , nurse , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
it was a lot of guys ; the choices were alright , crashed , and looked to the area of the car .
the deaf man said , " you can see this , in this deaf deaf , deaf ...
the deaf man said , " no , we will take him more such for a deaf deaf culture .
i wrote , they can make to see , they know , " i have to make up one deer for a dance .
the study would realize and embraces the situation more calmly to this problem .
in the event today , school has been cancelled , so we went for a while .
... be far and two different classes from least .
he would take the big person , it 's really excited . it 's uncertain , so hey .
" probably because i was growing at him , i waved the court , " the wolf said , " i 'd be watching the hearing office to the teacher . "
the deaf person said , " if you are really big , we will still be able to be big .
it 's a close of time the choices and the choices were limited , but the two of us grow up to the language .
