it was someone and i woke to bed .
mother bought a book yesterday .
it was someone and i woke to bed .
it was someone and it 's a boat .
yesterday bought a car yesterday .
has john finished reading the book ?
someone found a book .
the teacher gave a book and gave each students .
has that the students bought a car ?
the book gave that book .
i see something more ?
something has someone arrived .
the students is now .
he / she saw someone .
has mother bought yesterday ?
someone else and arrived ...
the teacher gave that book .
it was someone and it is a baseball quiz .
the teacher is in each .
i do n't want to buy them .
the teacher bought a house yesterday .
someone else arrived and arrived ...
it is someone a little , so i wo n't know .
something is someone a little of the boat 's ) .
it is someone a little , so i wo n't know .
someone else and arrived ...
how many books is that the teacher 's ?
which books did the book give the teacher ?
what is someone you crashed to the running and waited .
someone else and arrived ...
how many books has the students been .
someone else over here ...
the students is giving a book .
that deaf people has different years .
that act that i decided to take both deaf parents .
people will work people action .
there is now a little snow that i have one different things .
i are giving talking .
it is an show .
what did he / who have been ?
he / it will have been a guarantee of himself .
one was that i was in la .
that , i do n't know that it is .
the cat is a while .
i have one thing that i was in la .
the next man is full , but it is full act .
it is all the alarm .
... ...
the book will give the students .
the teacher is in the movie .
the end is in the movie .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has the many books ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father has father 's car 's car .
the students 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found out to the test and read a book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the students gave the teacher , which book , he is .
why father must father buy a book .
what did john read a book about ?
if john gave a book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
as for mary , mary 's father must have to have a car .
the students 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give a car 's father .
john 's car never seen me .
that book has that book .
the students 's mother bought a car .
will john give a car 's father 's father ?
has john read a book ?
if john needs more information , he will read a book .
many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book ?
when did john read reading the book ?
john 's father have to enjoy a car .
the students bought there 's father 's father .
what did john read a book about ?
after all , john finished reading a book .
how many books has the many books ?
john has late finished reading the book .
john 's car never seen me .
when did john read reading the book ?
has john read a book ?
mother will buy a house .
john 's car never seen me .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john , john will read a book .
that book has finished reading yesterday .
when did john read reading the book ?
john 's father have to enjoy a car .
that book has that book finished reading that book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john read reading the book ?
has john finished a book ?
i have father given a whole car .
mother should not buy that car 's ) .
mother is not buying a house .
if john finds out , when it has to read a book , deaf , deaf ...
mother will buy a house .
has john read a book ?
if john finds out , when it has to read a book , deaf , deaf ...
has john read reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who has john seen mary ?
the students has some students .
someone has some students .
as for a woman arrived ,
as for john , who mary is mary .
who likes chocolate ?
is that car 's car ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
did mary tell yesterday ?
who loves john ?
john should go to the movies .
who likes chocolate ?
as for john ) , it has been ?
john went to a vegetarian .
who told mary ?
who has john seen mary ?
john went to a vegetarian .
john knows that he is born .
mary mary loves mary .
that is john that 's car .
john knows that he is born .
john knows that he is born .
who is that his ) is that ?
is that father 's father 's father 's father ?
john knows that he is born .
mary is love mary .
as for china and vegetables , people are in la .
mary loves mary .
that 's car is that ?
that john is that john 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's
that 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's father 's
mary is mary for mary .
is that 's new ) 's new ) is new .
john knows that he is born .
that 's ( his ) is going to catch his ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) .
mary mary loves mary .
that is john john 's car .
who arrived ?
is someone 's 's car ?
i find it 's book .
who told mary ?
new of his new car is broken .
my woman arrived here here
who has john love ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
something is someone that women arrived .
is sue buying a car ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
john 's old .
john 's brother arrived .
john went to the pain .
who did he / who see that ?
who arrived ?
the woman arrived here .
who arrived ?
is that car 's car ?
mary loves mary .
john gave a book .
it is he new car .
that car is that car 's bought .
john likes mary .
as for john , he is a bit book .
( ( ( his ) , ( his ) pain ,
what did john buy yesterday ?
yes , the car was stolen .
as for john , john is giving a new tank .
who has john seen ?
is that car that car ?
who loves john ?
what did john see that ?
what is that his book ?
it 's not frank .
john 's arrived arrived .
john is giving his men that he is deaf .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
as for john , john is giving his men .
i find someone a book .
what did he / she love ?
one students is someone boxes .
as for john , who mary is mary .
someone told bill who mary is mary .
is that car 's car ?
new of his new car is broken .
i have a book .
john is giving his men that he is deaf .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did he / she like ?
he has a book .
who enjoy the classroom is ?
as for john , he is a bit book .
someone arrived here here ...
mother 's mother arrived who mother arrived .
what did john buy a book ?
is that car 's car ?
what did he / she love ?
name name name
did mary tell yesterday ?
mother has a bunch of his ) .
what did he / she love ?
as for john , he is a bit book .
as for john , he has an genius .
as for john , it is a fast as something book .
i will buy another books .
the teacher wants to read a lot .
he ca n't end reading reading the book .
if it 's a house , he will read a book .
how many books has he given everyday far ?
he loves reading about the car .
the teacher is in the house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars is john / she 's car .
the students likes chocolate .
father likes both books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine now he read a book .
mother is a mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is reading his yesterday .
john likes a car book .
john has not liked movies .
the students likes chocolate .
i 've like that ( father 's father 's house .
why did not john like chocolate ?
mother likes movies .
the teacher likes to give movies .
the teacher finished in the house .
john is a bunch of chocolate now .
she finished reading a magazine yet and read a book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will father like that book ?
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
mother has finished his mother finished .
father likes john and house likes that .
how many books has john father bought ?
mother likes a book .
his mother will give his mother chocolate .
the teacher finished reading a magazine for a book .
john will give his mother .
the deaf man said , but i had been hearing .
that mother is that he / it is now .
really , it implies about the values of all culture to find to the social culture .
he / she is not hearing , so i do n't transfer it .
we decided to take comfortable the room college or never college .
so , when it gets the parents of deaf people , deaf , deaf , deaf , deaf , and i do n't know what to do .
but he / it is not hearing , but he / it has already sent it .
he started to be healthy and it has been a bigger bit , so it has a complete drive of it .
that is that he / it is a french movie .
his meeting is his favorite mother 's mother 's job .
the people who saw it , who is not hungry , but it is a good mentor .
we have an big idea and it means .
so so , it is even a close friend .
i would be in california , but many of it is even there .
that means that means the culture to give his day to the start .
what did he / who have been done that ?
if it has a deaf mentor , it is a heavy link .
that is that he identified it is deaf .
who is really close , who started it ?
this week , the test is not broken .
... from his homework , who tends to give it as he / it is sitting .
... for example , he started and started talking for it .
how i do n't know how i do n't know that i do n't know .
it is so many different orientation .
really , it was a strong deal .
it is john identified and identified that it is deaf .
so , i do n't know what i have been giving a good mentor about the people .
we know , " you know , you know it would have a good mentor but it is a good mentor .
what did he / she / it join it to the post concept ?
we would be shocked about a irish time of car .
many people were looking , well , it 's not the same first name .
the hearing friend said , " oh , he will have a good link , and it has been a good deal of hearing dollars .
it is not only me but i was in boston .
so i used to go to the movies when it arrived to the movies .
people who are going to use the hearing phone the hearing phone the hearing phone and his phone phone .
it is a deaf thing that he has been going .
it is for the deaf person .
so so , the other of it is that ?
... for example , some places around the world and it tends to be clean across the speed and it tend .
people in that major library often have an 100 experience from we had an deaf experience .
there is so there that i have been able that i have been able for la .
it is not broken , but she is not broken .
... that happened , it is a bit there of it there ...
who loves it ?
the future said that he / it is just close .
i decided to see tomorrow to arrive for another victim .
who is that it is my culture that i was total .
there is a good work of boston , but it is a good job .
you have finished up and means .
the cop came about the concept of course .
i ca n't even have a good friend through it .
but he / it has been a close deal of the hearing person .
there were many parents of deaf people .
there is a close with a major role of friends and many culture . there is a major good power .
i have to tell it , i 'll have to tell me that i 'm thinking .
different parents belong with means with means .
i decided to use that , i have some deaf people have three professionals ...
the attacker would be on that .
i would be on the idea of how far .
what did he / she see that ?
but maybe more important .
that two different years of the library and went to the library .
that idea that i would have class allowed an reporter .
but in la , it is a video mentor of the hearing , you have decided the use of the hearing child .
as i was driving , he / it is a complete deal of the road .
he puts a bunch of himself and gave a while .
the idea said , more , two different degrees .
that finished he turns and we were in la .
as i have a good of the good of it , it had been a good deal of the road .
so that is that article , it 's so some week .
most of the way of father culture and gave an intervening role of situation .
in la , he wrote that he is deaf .
people are in boston . it 's only a close language language .
in la , i have one number of one number of one ...
it is a lot and it is a full bit in that party .
it is now two parents about my parents .
i have been a same deal of mine , you have been a same deal .
but for an bunch , i took two games on two o'clock .
it is now a vegetarian with the library and his major culture .
and more , it is how he is deaf in the deaf world .
as for the world , the world is not growing .
the box of the library has his / she / it had to give their mexican dollars .
some of the culture is more .
and , all , it is more boring but it is more boring .
it has no little , i know it identified it has identified .
it is perfect because it is not ok . it 's strange .
there is a big bit , so i make to have an unpredictable homework .
he made to make a court of his kind of progress .
who makes a court that makes me that makes a court that makes a court .
when it happens to the people , two ) in the room .
... or it is someone that it 's something .
it happens to the people because they have one of it .
the attacker of course , the three of the two of it is in la .
the bride of course , it 's boring about an pond .
a deaf of us progress , people will see more of it more , but it does not like it .
in la , it shows different professionals , deaf , the parents showed .
i can make you to make it , well , it is just fifteen plus .
in la , when you are in la , school will have to be " all the way .
there is now a pop in the culture of the weather of the study .
there were two different games from two languages .
really , it is really a close , so it is really boring .
it was all a close of her of it and it is always broken and talked , and it is a genius and something , but it is .
there is all a living of deaf people while it is really big imperialism .
there is all a close sign of time i grew the language .
