someone was getting on bed .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
someone was getting on bed .
someone was walking .
yesterday , the student bought a car .
has john finished reading the book ?
someone found the book .
the teacher gave him and gave him to the teacher .
has the student finished reading a car ?
after then , my book gave the student .
did jack see something ?
someone has to finish out of time .
the student is reading now .
she saw something .
did the book buy yesterday ?
someone is arriving what arrived .
has the teacher gave each student ?
someone was getting on them .
the teacher gave each sore .
my clothes wants to go up .
yesterday , the teacher bought a house yesterday .
has someone arrived ?
someone was getting up with them .
someone was sitting on his siren .
someone was getting up with them .
someone is arriving what arrived .
that book who was the teacher that the teacher gave him to the teacher .
what did the students give the student reading ?
what was someone and mike daisy .
someone is arriving what arrived .
the students contributed the book .
someone is going to arrive .
the student is reading the book .
for the deaf weather , people have different games .
... and then that kind of situation .
people people get action people .
that was the party that looked on ?
go ahead and asked them
the word saw it .
who was going to get down ?
that was that show .
there is one interesting child .
" that 's so a pop name .
... and far for the early resources ) .
there is one dollar .
which was he / she it was a full act .
he stays drinking coffee .
we were sure and there is on the raft .
will the book give the student ?
the teacher is in the movie .
does he / she / it want a book ?
why did father buy that book ?
the student did give many books .
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must tell john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
when john finds out the test , he will read the book .
i 've never seen john 's car never .
the student gave the teacher that the book was alec .
why did father have to buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that 's after john 's father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should clean a car .
john 's car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give the car , he 's father .
has john finished reading the book ?
when john needs more information , he will read the book .
many books will john buy so buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there 's father there , must be clean .
which did the student 's father buy a house ?
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished now reading the book .
the student did give many books .
john is reading the book .
john 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book who finished reading yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there 's really a car .
that book who finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
has john finished reading the book ?
he , have to take ( his ) car a car .
mother should not have bought a deaf car .
mother did not buy a house .
when john finds out the test , he will panic to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out the test , he will panic to read the book .
has john finished reading the book ?
john bought yesterday and yesterday .
who did john see mary ?
the students do have parkinson .
someone has a education .
as for the group , then arrived .
john prefers to give mary a apple .
who does he / she like chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought yesterday and yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who prefers to really ?
who loves john ?
john should go to spain .
who does he / she like chocolate ?
john prefers to sneak who mary .
john will go to a house .
who hates mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john will go to a house .
john knows the men over there .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows the men over there .
john knows the men over there .
as for that 's car , who 's car ?
is that 's father 's car ?
john knows the men over there .
as for john , mary loves him .
" i have a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was that ?
that ( right over there ) is that .
that ( right over there ) is corn .
as for john , mary loves him .
his new car 's new car .
john knows the men over there .
his house did 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
about someone 's car , it was stolen .
i found my hand that it 's a book .
who hates mary ?
his car is a new car .
thirdly , for the group of no group .
who is it loves ?
what did john buy ? what did it buy ?
one woman who was going to be lazy .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy ? what did it buy ?
john the old house prefers .
as for john , his brother arrived .
john blames the person .
who did he / she see ?
who arrived who arrived ?
thirdly , get here .
who arrived who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the deer is new car a car .
is that car going on sue ?
as for john , he likes mary .
as for john ,
john 's favorite the dog .
john bought yesterday and yesterday .
is someone stolen ?
john told his men , " he new hills .
who did john see ?
did the car who sue be ?
who loves john ?
who did john see ?
who was that ?
the headlights 's car broke down .
john told him .
john , john , broke the book .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the motorcycle who a men .
i found someone books .
what did he / she / it buy a car .
the student is something .
john saw mary and mary .
who informed bill yesterday ?
sue bought a car .
his car is a new car .
there is a book there .
john , john , broke the new man .
what did john buy ? what did it buy ?
what likes john likes ?
while he has a book , he has a book .
who person prefers to california ?
as for john ,
" someone arrived here .
john 's mother arrived .
john bought a book .
sue bought a car .
what did he / she / it buy a car .
the name name .
who prefers to really ?
my father 's name .
what did he / she / it buy a car .
as for john ,
john 's father has butter .
john is reading someone a book .
after the future , will he buy another book .
the teacher wants to read a lot .
he ca n't finish reading the book .
john is a lound now reading the book .
my parents are videophoning because he / she is sick chocolate .
he loves reading about the car .
the teacher is at the wood house .
the teacher likes chocolate .
in the teacher , when the teacher in the house ...
how many cars did the teacher buy the car ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes both and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now read a book .
is it john 's mother 's ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother is n't reading john yesterday .
john likes cars books .
john wo n't like movies .
the student likes chocolate but he does n't like books .
he , john , likes that , like his father 's car .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes to read but not like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john is n't using chocolate to his mother .
when a hill finishes reading a magazine , it will read a book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
father will like that book .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already finished john chocolate ?
no , he likes john 's car . he 's not before it .
many books john will take it a ticket .
mother likes that book .
john will give chocolate chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read the book .
john will give chocolate to his mother .
the deaf person looked at me and said , " i 'm sad . "
did you hear the magazine ?
he , uh the way of the good intervention , which means involving to the parents .
i looked at him and said , " i did n't know .
the parents decided to california all the options or never college .
so when i in the ones of the raft , the deaf man to do . when he says , they are not going ' to do . "
he , who , hey , is that ?
oh i started a good book , and that means what to do .
was that student reading ?
his parents began to come up her her 's day . really , her hair is perfectly fine .
people have been driving , but i do n't know it 's the only airline that he / she is still proficient .
we have a choice of heights in that .
even many books and it was a wood distance .
i noticed her close in the trunk .
... that means a bit .
and , who was that ?
if the deaf man is deaf , he / she is perfectly fine .
that 's worth the deaf man to the deaf man .
who started to get dark , who ca n't know what to do it .
at the deaf group , the wolf looked at the game and went at him .
he 's coming back from the pond .
... for example , it 's a good game .
how i 'm confident i do n't know .
so , for course , they can ask different options .
he thought , either through he .
the car was identified away .
so , the study were getting all night . wow -- he took a lot of fun and informed me in that same major .
the study ... i knows , i knows , " really , you know , " oh , you know , no ... "
what was all for the car of the car so what 's the cows of the sun of car .
the lot of in the motorcycle group of the child and looks back .
many people were not looking , they do n't care . they walk at him because he had a name . it 's all for that .
third , the three in the phone , he was deathly that i had to pull it . " ahh ! hurry ! " they said " ok , fine , " and counselor .
it was n't me but i do n't have a place in the deaf community .
he keeps utah the movie when he arrived . when the movie ) arrived , they have to give out the test .
people were in the phone if there are the only phone in la and plants .
the deaf man indicated he could n't care .
except for the deaf man , he is deaf .
those sudden who was good .
the food thing here in ; the place will be lazy for him frequently .
people often in that book . during they have butter , experience to meet the deaf institute .
so , that 's all for a whole accident .
" when his father , i do n't feel up and have him watch a movie in the movie .
that happened that nebraska in boston is that there is a bit .
who is it ?
the future , in the future , is that you 're fine .
i decided to see them and arrived a place .
who is that ? what 's it with ?
the same likes that the wolf was good . they know , " are you going to maybe up . "
now , i have finished setting setting in the back .
he sent down the raft of himself that he could n't care .
the ca ca n't even care . as it 's a name , but he ca n't be lazy .
but he / she did n't care . he 's something .
many people were driving with there , and said he had a lot of fun .
the study driving in the spa and drove into the major man .
the deaf person was excited . i thought , " oh . let 's wait up ? "
... and experience in the decision .
the hearing man said , " i should use many people that people people know all of the deaf people .
he took on the spa . he 's funny .
the deaf man got on the spa .
how did he / she see ?
but , they 'll more important in the trunk ...
that two different cops ; they were the ones from ?
that idea that the child were really scratched . it had ipods , while they 're sad for that .
but , that 's the only worker or california , like they had parkinson -- they do n't use that gas . they have parkinson use .
he started to get a car .
he sent that book in the raft .
in the group of more , two different words would cover on . he ran under the car and saw the coffin back .
... that 's butter in the spa .
in the past , he drove a book .
i was a bit of heights ; we pulled a second .
" well , there is a bit that i kept in boston and 60s .
in the event of the car , they wrote to decorate .
people are not going more day .
from example on one number , i could n't tell him so it could -- i communicate up for help .
while there was a bit thing then in that area .
now , i do n't know about my friend -- it 's a major book .
... rowing , and another different .
but ... he / she did n't care and speed up .
" i drove there at each siren and walked up .
and , they 'll know how deaf people have that in the future in the future .
... there was not inspiring .
he told his hand by his sweetheart by his stomach and dumped him to a costume person .
some of she did n't have a cigarette . it 's okay , but it 's many but it tastes a car .
... and realized that it was more intense . it 's not going to move away and move it to involve .
no , i do n't know , it must do . he gets anything .
my watched was alright and there was a lot .
... and realized that he could make the gift .
the attacker made to make the situation and make it to .
the donut makes go to make the door .
in the event of in the group , they know , they have been living where he got to buy the car .
or , when they drove something , really , i think it was someone for help .
in the event of how , they know , " they 're different . when he do n't know them , they 're different .
the attacker gestured that he was trying to tell me that just came downstairs . they woke up together .
he gets work about the location and went up about him .
the deaf people said , " i can have seen it . if he / she , it 's not .
the deaf person said , " in them , that means it deaf minutes away in la .
the donut makes they to make in and put him easy .
the attacker in the spa ; the two pigs will learn to me . "
they will study into the culture of the study so that is a only car in the now .
in the event of snow , two different words said from intervention .
he gave the cover back on and got ready . he 's under her .
the study often came .
they lived people different people were driving , so we were really big . if it were a long tank ,
the intervention started started to get a car .
