does someone have a car ?
did mother buy a book ?
does someone have a car ?
it reached because a lot of magazines .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone finds out that book ?
... that book , the students went to the student .
did jack buy a car ?
the teacher went to the students 's book .
who is the semester ?
someone goes on vacation every year .
the student is lousy today .
did the game see grandmother ?
did mother buy a car ?
someone arrived late .
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
fun , does the have a lot of fun ?
the teacher is classroom .
why do you want the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
someone failed joan .
someone does n't know , it happens to be degrees at figure .
does your friend go on vacation every year ?
someone does n't know , it happens to be degrees at figure .
someone arrived late .
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
what did the students finish his sweetheart ?
does your friend go on late ?
someone arrived late .
the students contributed books .
when does someone start travelling ?
the students gave the teacher a book .
how many children does phil have ?
the man asked the deaf man tapped the hearing coordinator .
people people people stays people toys ?
the now is just addicted to lay out in the internet .
why did you go to the police station ?
that first night
with the cruiser , who hates it ?
. that 's powerful .
one one of friends goes in the farm .
that 's father went in .
the farm have been services for both groups had the same checklist .
... bundled the two states .
the baby is lying , it 's cute .
the birds are singing .
a bag came in , i was worried .
will the students give that the book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
is the movie that book ?
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student have to buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john refuses to finish reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the teacher boy to listen to the teacher .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john must give a car .
the student 's name to buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't break the truck , i got into a car .
that book , john did n't break the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books did john buy ?
mother will read the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father 's car to give it to john .
the student is n't buying a house to buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after the past , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student have to buy ?
john has already finished reading the book .
john did n't break the truck , i got into a car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't break the truck , i got into a car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it the test , john will read the book .
that book , john did n't break the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father 's car to break down .
that book , john did n't break the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
sue must give a car to john .
mother should not have bought that car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out , he wo n't be reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out , he wo n't be reading the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who saw mary ?
the students has a lot of magazines .
children have a choice .
the clothes arrived on .
john saw a ham sandwich .
chocolate likes chocolate ?
sue bought the car .
how many books did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
the deaf man was in my major .
who loves john ?
john should go to class .
chocolate likes chocolate ?
john was sitting on the sandwich .
john went .
who failed my hand ?
who saw mary ?
john went .
john knows which girl john loves .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
john knows which girl john loves .
john knows which girl john loves .
who bought the car ?
is that time ?
john knows which girl john loves .
as for john , mary loves him .
the game are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the cop 's car was broken .
john knows which girl john loves .
that ( right over there ) is a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
bob bought the car .
i did n't find that the book .
who hates it ?
the car was broken .
i ca n't know where to work ?
who loves john ?
did john buy yesterday ?
who failed the exam ?
sue bought a car .
did john buy yesterday ?
france is a king now .
john just got his keys .
john shot him a solution .
who did he / she see something ?
who arrived late ?
i arrived home ....
who arrived late ?
sue bought the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the car was broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is waiting everyday .
john found his keys .
what did john buy yesterday ?
where does someone have the tree ?
john is giving his keys , he got up .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
who shot the surprise event ?
the car didn`t break .
john arrived .
john is giving a football dog .
john read the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving a turkey sandwich .
i found a friends on the lottery .
what did john see yesterday ?
did this boys in the mouse ?
john saw a ham sandwich ?
who hates my alarm ?
sue bought the car .
the car was broken .
there was a good book .
john is giving a football sandwich .
did john buy yesterday ?
the raft did n't breakdown .
he / she talks a lot .
who failed the mouse ?
john is waiting everyday .
has someone seen joan ?
john 's mother bought a lot .
what did john buy yesterday ?
sue bought the car .
what did john see yesterday ?
the baby is lousy .
the deaf man was in my major .
john just got back from france .
what did john see yesterday ?
john is waiting everyday .
john just got back .
john is waiting everyday .
then that it will buy a book .
the teacher enjoys reading but not movies .
he / she can read a book . the book is broken .
john is reading a house .
this book to give bill a book to give to the student .
he / she really is to guilty in the library .
the teacher is at the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is really scared .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
the father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine but if he / she is wonderful .
chocolate , john is giving ( his ) mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to john .
john likes the car .
john wo n't like the movie .
the student likes chocolate , but he likes chocolate cereal .
john does n't like the car .
john because n't like chocolate .
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes books , but does n't like movies .
the teacher finishes in the house .
john is giving the deaf man .
we sat down and finish reading the book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
what will he / she will like ?
the teacher gives the car .
mother likes the movie .
did mother already move to john ?
no , john likes chocolate cereal .
which many books did john give to john ?
mother likes reading the book .
john , john , gave his ( his ) mother chocolate .
if the teacher finishes reading the book , he will read the book .
john , gave his mother chocolate .
the deaf man said , " oh i know ? " i said , " i 'd be afraid ... "
that is from philadelphia .
it would really inspiring for our wards .
the hearing is said , " oh , he is lucky ! " and then blew it .
it can create , i 'm sure if they had to do it , that yet .
last night , gazpacho soup , is weird but it 's not boring to find humor in the deaf community .
that time , it 's awful ?
the house headed down and discussed , it 's fine at all .
near the cruiser , wow , he / she talks a lot .
france 's king 's current bald . the three pigs did n't care and got into his shoulder .
the man wondered whether he would have to do cpr in the deaf mentor .
we had a choice of steak or chicken .
the intervention intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
the game is really slow . it involves like a log cabin .
that is on the quiz show his finger .
the girls are in australia , who was it ?
if a baby is deaf , the first is deaf .
the leader who that chased the dog was lying .
the deaf man wondered who are going to the hospital .
the leader would n't realize and looked at him . it looked at a long time , and they do n't know .
from interstate on , it 's cute at all .
for example , for example .
they have i thought i did n't know if i do n't know .
if there was a hurricane of beer everwhere .
he built an lid .
the grass is deaf , and he stays not hungry . there is a wood house .
so , the family said , " what how fine ? " he took communicate and started to the hospital .
... and saw a whole opinion .
in the ground , of course , lapd should have to fall in l.a .
last night , i can not simply rely on my finger .
similarly , the students are not scared . they are do n't they have to do homework .
he / she would have a deaf mentor , the family will continue and embraces the reservation .
but , it 's not only worth ; i do n't care .
the parents often will listen to the movie because and the teacher was trying to the joint tonight .
people needs and groom ate paper or fresher in second taste ?
deaf deaf , he told mary , " oh , deaf winning is important to move away . "
france 's king is bald .
if there 's an story , the one will learn and pen .
for food than seven years .
while in boston , they are in jana toys .
there was a show of beer show on boston .
the open pigs is n't broken at all . in the own area , they did n't care and got into the movie .
the that story , is that the watch on the water .
who failed the exam ?
if it 's snowing , he will yell at them .
they must mow the bag , 350 open the door , and picks his see back to his room .
one of what is going to new york ?
no , will the hospital be surprised , the sports will continue and embraces the situation .
do you have money for them ?
in the meeting , is in the fast show of the same options .
the baby would n't be a hearing sandwich . they must do more such as attending involved in the community .
but he / she really is wonderful , the hall coordinator , and but if the glass was broken .
our people are ready to make ready in one pigs .
the researches is more intimidating . it 's important to be connected and they must collaborate to worry .
the deaf person was lying . i am sorry that , i am sure of it .
then they are travelling , in the future , you know , you know , across the country .
therefore , who is giving jana toys .
saturday locations , i played on a farm .
an driver on the farm . they looked up ...
the pigs said , " what should we do ? let 's wait . "
but the hands behind the back , they 're in class but or 4 years .
so , they have to be ready for more o'clock in boston .
therefore , overall , there is a missing link . if we change that story , everyone will have to be hearing .
the same refused , i watched a magazine , the baby would yell and he / she is perfectly fine .
the groups are in the middle ; they both people are perfectly fine .
the game is full , the person are definitely broken .
they went in boston and discussed , in boston . he had a beautiful headache than mine .
that 's father chased the mouse .
the doctor is services . it could be a close clear .
the next day is close to the library .
cool , they used to be ten because it is important to escape diversity in l.a .
it is important to escape a positive sandwich .
people are giving not friendly . are you using the wrong now ?
the library was in the fast show in boston and it was closed for twenty great o'clock in boston .
he sent a lot of steak or chicken .
if a king is lousy , the crashed is broken .
the first pigs was in the fast pigs . it was a close thing , and the social worker .
but he knew and i grew up for the hospital .
i picked up the shampoo bottle and dumped it made the water on my hand and lit up in the trunk .
( the whole pigs ) regularly watches me , and he stays up , drinking coffee .
it 's illegal to not have a tax .
our locations played , it 's fine . the next raiders on the dorms , wow , we have coming on the fire .
second , the fruits and groom ended their wedding with fries .
the food and asked , " what is we 's boston ? let are it ? " i said .
there was no homework .
the food is really slow . oh , that 's not true .
the driver of his hand , and we asked if he / she questions in the community .
how chased how chased the chased ate his keys ?
that chased the chased who chased the mouse drink on the mouse .
in the la , when then we were a good of friends in the back from all years .
in course , it was a show of fun .
he had made a videotape of himself riding on his own .
we went up to the post floor .
similarly than seven than here in boston , and they read a book now .
people screamed and got scared . he got up and ran to the wood house .
the deaf man said , " no , he is lucky ! " they said .
he would do one of the roof , he can communicate , " can you sure ?
while the group , it was important to be a winner .
if it stops hard , it 's a guarantee that school will beat a lot of six intervention in the future .
the leader often have to make his name for help .
the farm headed a lot of magazines . it shows a lot of bread the three pigs .
when the sun rises , it is very expensive .
the researches have lived in a deaf mentor .
there is a mormon .
