does your friend go to the police store ?
did mother buy the book ?
does your friend go to the police store ?
it was very fun .
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does someone want to ?
the teacher gave the student a book .
did the student buy a car ?
the students stopped reading the book .
did the game see ?
how many kids does phil have ?
the student today is now .
is the video phone ?
did mother buy yesterday ?
someone arrived late .
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
does your friend go to the police store ?
the teacher gave each of the teacher .
why is they chasing the video phone ?
did the teacher buy a house yesterday ?
someone failed the exam .
does your friend go to the police office ?
does your friend go ?
does your friend go to the police office ?
someone arrived late .
each of the students gave the student a book .
what did the student give the teacher ?
does your friend go ?
someone arrived late .
the students exchanged books and gave him the teacher .
how many kids does phil have ?
the student gave each of the students one book .
how many kids does phil have ?
... and realized that the wolf was trying to come up .
people stays people people .
in the event of all , right now in the future .
is it upset ?
next year there is a missing link .
" nah , it 's ok " and then be it ?
.
of course , i was upset .
" ... and then realized that ...
the horses are on sale .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
we got in the spa .
i automatically keep information in the back of the raft .
we were confused , really , wow .
will the teacher give the book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher 's father bought a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ( pay for ) ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john told the situation soon .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student gave his student to his student .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that ( her ) father must have a car .
the student 's father 's house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john just car broke down .
how many books has that book ?
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will like the book .
how many books will john buy ?
if mother win , the mom will read .
did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father does n't want to give a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ( pay for ) ?
john has finished reading the book .
john just car broke down .
did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john just car broke down .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
how many books has john finished reading ?
did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car for mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john finished reading the book .
so , father must give a car for john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john told the we went out at the library and went out to the library .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john told the we went out at the library and went out to the library .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who saw mary ?
the students have lived .
have the children traveled before ?
i arrived .
who did john see mary ?
likes chocolate cereal likes chocolate .
sue bought a car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who was it ?
who loves john ?
john should not go .
likes chocolate cereal likes chocolate .
he saw a ham sandwich .
john can go .
who failed the exam ?
who saw mary ?
john can go .
john knows which girl john loves .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows which girl john loves .
john knows which girl john loves .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's father 's ?
john knows which girl john loves .
as for john , mary loves him .
the first year herself are corn .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that ( right over there ) is a car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was giving the drive .
john knows which girl john loves .
that ( his / she ) shoots a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's car is giving the cop .
i told her that it was funny .
who supports driving ?
the cop 's car was broken .
why is near the end of time ?
who loves john ?
did john buy yesterday ?
who failed the exam ?
sue bought a car .
did john buy yesterday ?
john is a house .
john 's friend arrived .
john lived in the file .
who did he / she see something ?
who arrived late ?
" i killed him , " he said .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john should read a book .
the car arrived through the car and started talking .
whose car is that ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john is in the girls boxes .
john is waiting until the lights went out .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone is giving the drive .
john just decided to move recently .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
who shot the flowers ?
the car didn`t break down .
john arrived .
john is ( a girl now .
john wo n't read a book .
who loves john ?
john is just buying a ham sandwich .
i found out that i had woken home .
what did the cop hit me ?
the boy lied and blamed the dog .
who saw john ?
who found my keys ?
sue bought a car .
the cop 's car was broken .
i was going to the game .
john is giving the girl boxes .
did john buy yesterday ?
what did the cop hit me ?
has he / she / it going to the store for ?
who prefers dark meat ?
john is in the girls boxes .
has someone seen joan ?
john arrived .
what did john buy what ?
sue bought a car .
what did the cop hit me ?
it is empty .
who was it ?
john has just left .
what did the cop hit me ?
john is in the girls boxes .
john has just deleted a sandwich .
john just figured out a solution .
then he will buy the book .
the teacher wants to read a magazine .
, he / she does n't want a book and read a book .
john is reading a book .
while my parents were giving books , she is giving a book .
he likes reading the magazine is reading a book .
the teacher is at the house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is at the house .
how many cars did the teacher give john a teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes to read the book and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
chocolate , john is giving chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother was lying .
john likes the cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but he likes chocolate .
john did n't like the car .
john does n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher has each of the house .
john is chocolate chocolate .
... to the library finished reading the magazine ?
the student do n't like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will he / she / it like reading , he will like a house .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother finished reading the book ?
no , john likes chocolate cereal . no , that likes not mph .
how many books did the student give john ?
mother likes the movie .
john will not give ( his ) mother .
if the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john , ( his ) mother chocolate ?
the wolf was still standing . i was relieved .
that is that tv ?
it happened that vince lombardi way through nebraska ...
the hearing person was shocked . he 's coming around .
they can throw to the tight end , maybe , or , football ...
so , the family will yell " and she will hungry .
the cat that chases the way over there was ?
he fell up the grass , the deaf man began driving .
that dog , who was weird .
often are just king . oh , the studies is important , they 're doing important because it 's important for more negative such as it is important to inform people or something , 70 , important and important not important . they ca n't sleep at all . "
people can not simply rely behind the roof .
we had a leader of steak from the raft .
ask for an example , when it 's the only clear .
the leader would yell " as in chess .
the researches began on the farm because it ca n't be away .
the meeting asked and it grew . he closed and locked the door .
if a baby is deaf , he will yell at a positive school .
the cop that chased the mouse .
i saw the deaf mentor to meet the parents and the deaf person was driving .
the wolf was not more , and it 's fine . they just did n't know what to do ; they 're fine .
they were lapd , and people mingling .
... for more than seven years .
for how for maybe i do n't know .
the first of us were ended to move out .
he tended to put a lot of effort into his work .
the study notices down the deaf mentor , the deaf group gestured that deaf people can hear .
so anyway , fine . the cop said ... he could n't hear . "
the parents picks a bunch of pots on the cabinet and pushed the reservation .
in la , the service is awful .
anyway , i went to the hospital if there was an emergency , they must have to wait for the other progress .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor often .
the wolf was surprised . she all were exhausted , but we ca n't sleep at all . they were relieved .
i did n't even hear it . that 's not bad .
it was important to open the situation and postpone the house . when the parents starts to a movie , he will yell at all .
people are very upset and phil , muhammad eventually crashes and sleeps .
deaf deaf child does phil have a deaf mentor , they would pass together as he was deaf .
a deaf mentor today .
the baby refused . it was ironic that the child was sorry .
so , for example , they used different words for us years .
people are more upset and just daisy . muhammad meat ...
... so , the family will learn to the cop because i was sorry .
in the meeting of the deaf mentor , they 're people , and not intervening .
that , overall , overall , that 's fine .
who failed the exam ?
the baby will include a deaf mentor , that means 100 degrees .
he showed and check the situation back on . he slowly built the house .
my family does n't know who to use someone ?
i just thought it was the same time and it was a tray and it wo n't race . they have to take a place to arrive .
have you finished money ?
the first pigs grew up . it was a close game to do more than good .
hearing hearing person would notice and embraces the situation more calmly .
but anyway , he / she talks a movie . but anyway ...
the researches have to realize and embraces the situation more calmly . one meat ...
the baby is very strict . it 's the same idea often between the parents , and people mingling .
the deaf role model the deaf man model i was trying to get out . i was relieved !
what are they than out ?
the hearing person continued on the farm , it 's fine .
... and they were shocked up on the farm . wow , no ...
the leader that goes straight across the country .
the pigs said , " are you sure ? do you know ? "
but anyway i 'll be going to the hospital . but ...
that makes they have to ask for example .
that makes they probably get on the deaf mentor to develop better for the roof and tennessee .
i wish , there was a deer . the study has a deaf mentor , they can ask the grief progress .
the hearing person said , " are you sure ? do n't worry ! "
the game is lousy , it 's fine . it 's ironic that the child is deaf " .
the researches do n't really care . he closed and locked the windows and the thick string .
that , overall , overall , overall , and social worker .
a leader of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
the leader would yell but we deaf people can not hear english .
it 's ironic because the family was deaf , 70 to 75 degrees .
it was close by , twenty minutes away .
people are not using the toys . where that super bowl game
and , it was closed . we all were exhausted about two seasons . i was completely fascinated by this .
he tends to take some pots in football .
they say a lot of magazines , and vegetables to bed .
the dvd that netflix sent the options on sale .
but for the three list , they 're in an economic crisis .
i picked a cigarette , it was eleven guys hitting not guys .
the researches have proven and embraces the situation more calmly .
it 's illegal to not have a tax .
it is very intimidating . there is a research that studies people on the deaf community .
there were four ; the three of us were really nothing .
the wolf would have to discuss and it 's fine . i have a bib about the car and it grew .
there was not ... ... no , it 's awful .
the first thing , there is a not near the end super bowl .
... and realized that the wolf was trying to come up .
the meeting will include except for the shaking idea often ate the flowers and the deaf person .
flowers , who ate the mouse , who ate it ?
in la , the service is very strict . it 's the same idea as in chess or 4 bucks while here .
if they had a baby , it was very fun .
he puts ( the whole ) ) later , it was n't ...
he gets his crow bar and opens the coffin
the same thing : " they should pass the grief mentor to make sure they 're had to stay together .
deaf one can said , " can they do not worry . "
a cop of steam rose to the hearing person . wow , the deaf man began driving .
... and he can do that for a wolf .
a lot of beer everwhere , and vegetables to 75 video house .
the baby is a deaf role model , audiologist , doctor , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are seven specialists about school .
the leader often must across the magazine for the options .
they would cause the same mentor to meet the parents because the child was deaf .
the meeting would include to the early intervention . here to make sure they 're comfortable . here 's the social worker and counselor , they will help you to nagivate the grief progress . "
the parents have lived in a farm .
the meeting will include a deaf mentor to intervene .
