does your friend go ahead and got on the police .
did jack buy the book ?
does your friend go ahead and got on the police .
does your heart go on late ?
the boy bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found out that silber .
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
has the student bought a car ?
the mother bought the book .
did the cop see something ?
how many kids does phil have ?
the student read a lot .
did phil see something strange ?
did mother buy a movie yesterday ?
someone arrived at bush .
after the teacher finished reading the book ?
does the cop arrest me ?
the teacher is reading the book .
why do you want to use the video phone ?
the teacher bought a house yesterday .
someone arrived at bush .
does your friend go to the police station ?
does the cop arrest me ?
does your friend go to the police station ?
someone arrived at bush .
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
what did the student finished reading the movie ?
does your heart go on late ?
someone arrived at bush .
. the students gives the boy a book .
when do you take off ?
the students contributed books to make a teacher .
how one failed how that 's it ...
the cop walked toward the car and started talking .
people are giving jana toys .
especially for an example , they 're in an economic crisis .
do you want anything ?
it will be intimidating .
the cop was holding my hand , who was it .
from the children , that 's wrong .
one of us went upstairs -- we was on trouble .
that 's it ...
ask the kids played on sale .
we got back on the bus and arrived at the campground .
we got in the bus .
i automatically keep drinking shoes .
we were really upset .
will you read the book ?
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher was reading the book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student give the book ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john found his keys .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't break down to the teacher .
why father must buy books ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car to give it to work .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't see ( his ) car .
that book john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
which boy did john buy ?
will mother read many book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give the car to mary .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student give the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
john did n't see ( his ) car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see ( his ) car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher gives out the test , john will read the book .
that book john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
that book john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not have a house .
john told the situation out that he would have to stay up on his grass .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john told the situation out that he would have to stay up on his grass .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did john see mary ?
have the students been in the store ?
has the students arrive before ?
the reporter arrived on .
john saw mary .
why likes chocolate ?
sue bought the car .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who voted for bush ?
who loves john ?
john should go to class .
why likes chocolate ?
john saw mary with mary .
john go to new york .
who supports mary ?
who did john see mary ?
john go to new york .
as for john , who is it that loves him ?
as for mary , mary is it .
that was john 's car .
as for john , who is it that loves him ?
as for john , who is it that loves him ?
whose car is that ?
is that car there ?
as for john , who is it that loves him ?
as for mary , mary is it .
the first year is corn .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
as for mary , mary is it up .
his ( his / her ) car .
as for john , who is it that loves him ?
that 's car is bald .
as for mary , mary is it .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone just gives the car .
i find a cigarette from my books .
who supports mary ?
the cop 's car broke down .
i ca n't take it .
who hates john ?
did john buy many books ?
how college failed the exam , who was it ?
sue bought the car .
did john buy many books ?
john is giving a house .
john 's found his keys .
john shot him / her / it .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
i arrived home ....
who arrived late ?
sue bought the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john can read a book .
the cop arrived on the car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving the girls boxes .
john is giving the boxes .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone do n't have a car .
john giving anyone that we should arrived .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
who voted for bush ?
the car didn`t break down .
john arrived .
he is giving the girl boxes .
john read the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving his girl from john .
i found home home .
what did the cop hit me ?
did the mother give the boy one dog ?
who saw john with mary ?
who found my keys ?
sue bought the car .
the cop 's car broke down .
i do n't know where to go .
john is giving the girl boxes .
did john buy many books ?
what did he / she like ?
did he / she / it go to the store for ?
who fell in love cookies ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
when someone snows , joan should leave .
john is giving mother boxes .
what did john buy a car ? in the future .
sue bought the car .
what did the cop hit me ?
the library is small .
who voted for bush ?
john has n't found a turkey sandwich .
what did the cop hit me ?
john is giving the girls boxes .
john has been giving football .
john is in the girls boxes .
his father will buy a book .
the teacher wants to read a book .
when he / she is n't any to read the book , the baby is deaf .
john is reading a house .
my parents were giving books .
he / she is reading a magazine now .
the teacher is at the house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did the teacher give a teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
my father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
chocolate , john used to move to new york .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother fell to john .
john likes cars and movies .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes to do .
john decided to move to new york .
why did n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes to read but does n't like movies .
the teacher has been in shock .
john is giving the girl .
of course , the students finished over to read a book .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will you do that ?
the teacher gives the car .
mother likes movies .
has john finished reading the accident ?
no , john likes chocolate cereal . no , that likes he likes chocolate .
which boy did john say john ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
if the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
will john give chocolate to his mother ?
the cop said , " i was ready to catch and i 'm deaf . "
that is on sale .
... this is really inspiring . the state is really big well .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
if they were lapd , i can ask the two being .
so , the family will continue a few role model supporting them .
who ? was that ?
... and the reporter started to do a house because it 's fine .
why ... the hearing person did n't .
his hearing man just crashed and got into an house for dinner . his parents has deaf professionals anymore .
people lived and got scared . he got up and ran to wood .
we had a leader that sat at the back of the raft .
ask for example , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
the game is really unpredictable . it had a big log on it .
how , that 's so 11 of wymoning .
the show and sue fell up . what 's it ?
if a baby is old , he will destroy a house all .
sue plays the guitar .
i started to realize that he got excused and told the cop that i was looking at the motorcycle .
the boss said , " no , we 'll see about that . they were relieved and stayed at i-40 .
... and the reporter will be scared . " i am sorry that your child was deaf " .
... for more than seven years .
i 'll follow whatever , i do n't know .
last week were getting arrested .
we were numb , but it had a casino too .
the study sets . the pigs could n't use the deaf mentor .
so anyway , i went better and got ready .
people were shocked that the big person pulled over .
... about those side of the three days .
we was really upset . there are a good time . the cop was really big , it was fine . we all decided .
the study noticed many child were very very outgoing . the wolf saw that the child was very friendly . "
the food was really scared . it had a big log on it . we are relieved , too , because there is a genius too .
but , it did n't matter to me ... i did n't feel anything !
ask for directions and vegetables , they have to tell the teacher tonight .
people are very upset . it meat a lot of interesting everwhere , who both mingling .
the deaf man said , " sure of it deaf . " they said , " nah , deaf . "
bob never goes up .
the boy was on sale .
for example , they used different words for each years .
of course , they have paper and pen ready .
therefore , there was many things to compare .
in the event of the semester , it 's not humid here . "
therefore , overall , that 's fine .
who fell in love cookies ?
will they do that ? no -- they will approach that for deaf .
he decided to check the price . he picks up the body and slings it ...
i fell on my car .
it was the same as any regular life -- later they would work at the post office , or when a kid is not cancelled .
have you driven to san diego ?
the study notices the make a specialist , audiologist , and were coming up to our room for our fifteen anymore .
ask for example .
but anyway , i was sitting and half of time .
the cop have lived in a pond ; a ball of steam rose from the pond .
there was a lot of beer everwhere , and people mingling .
the dvd that i was n't d- , i am sure of it .
i have to take the football again .
the researches have to arrive and make two wedding with the hospital .
ask for an example , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
for example , they used to be hearing .
the cop said , " nah , we 'll see ... "
but anyway i was sitting and half .
that 's so typical of wymoning .
that 's so typical of wymoning . there is a research that studies way in la .
there were no book on the motorcycle .
the hearing person was trying to realize them in the deaf community .
the early intervention services ? what do n't the game game ?
it is very intimidating . there are a research that studies something here in boston .
that 's what show his way .
our cousin involved on sale .
the boy lied and blamed the situation .
american , overall , there is important to have a good time .
as for the children , they are in the garden .
people are giving jana toys .
the food finishes before , so we got up one years .
... this is really my favorite quote . before it 's a big game .
today is an research in the first super bowl .
i have to admit that sf was very deaf time .
but for after example , they all sat down and talked .
i picked a cigarette from my pants pocket and lit up .
the offense and goes up to the hearing progress .
ask for directions on , i do n't have a dance .
it 's near the end of interesting everwhere . they ca n't even watch it .
people were not talking , friendly , too , and really coats .
our morning , and you fell to compare the flowers and postpone the reservation .
there were not always a pop food on the coffin .
the baby is n't deaf , it 's fine .
the hearing person thought to myself , " oh " and wave . "
except for utah shopping , what 's so tennessee .
who fell at flowers because who ate his flowers in the flowers .
i had to admit that sf was really close to omaha on the grass .
if they had dinner , the sports reporter collected more information about chemicals .
he had made a videotape of himself riding on the speedometer .
he yawned , went upstairs , and went to bed .
we would cause into a second mentor to intervene on one wheel in boston .
people were shocked up , but the deaf man said he could take a deaf mentor .
the cop does n't care and got into an car for a deaf opinion .
there was one accident with two three years .
it was perfect , so i got in the dorm .
the boss might continue a specialist , audiologist , nurse , nurse , counselor , and social worker . there are a tray thing in boston .
we , have i have to take a place to arrive .
i had to admit that sf had a boy too .
the researches will include to join and embraces them in the hospital . without a deaf role model , we are missing the link of connection between the parents and the deaf person .
we would cause problems for our ra , residence counselor .
there 's no waiters . the parents will continue to continue in persuit .
