does someone have a big dog ?
mother bought a book yesterday .
does someone have a big dog ?
someone decided to move out .
yesterday bought yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone finds out how
... to the teacher 's books .
has jack bought a car ?
... that book the book .
who did the party ?
someone failed the guitar .
the student is reading a lot .
is the hearing phone ?
did mother buy a house ?
how many kids does phil know ?
how many books has the teacher finished reading the book ?
does your friend see ?
the teacher is not lousy .
why do you want the video phone ?
yesterday bought a house yesterday .
someone failed me .
does your friend go to me ...
does your sister like ?
does your friend go to me ...
how many kids does phil know ?
each of the students gave the student a book .
what did the teacher finished reading the classroom ?
does your friend like ?
how many kids does phil know ?
the students contributed books .
how many kids does phil have ?
the student exchanged books .
people are giving jana toys .
... it 's important that we stayed on the raft .
people are giving jana toys .
especially for an group of the city where bu is ?
did you want off ?
it will be a football school .
" nah , it 's alright , too . "
what 's the story of the baby .
there was many things .
" ... that 's all the way .
the horses are on services .
we had a big person of mine
i was in the fast express .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
some of us sent a reply to the hospital .
will the students be reading the book will give it to the student .
the teacher is in the movies .
the student 's father bought a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john finally , it wo n't be reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the teacher looked and gave it to the teacher .
why should father buy reading books ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john must finish a car .
the student 's father 's going to buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) car .
john did n't see the car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) mother 's car .
john has finish reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will the student buy ?
will mother rain rain ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father 's car to give it to john .
the student 's father bought a house to buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john has finished reading the book .
john did n't see the car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't see the car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
father , must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john told the situation to the situation , the hall coordinator was john to read the book at john .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john told the situation to the situation , the hall coordinator was john to read the book at john .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he finished reading it .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who did john see yesterday ?
the students have a flat .
does you have money ?
i arrived .
john arrived .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
how many books did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who was in the high border .
who loves john ?
john should go to class .
who likes chocolate ?
john was sitting in the grass .
john went to spain .
who failed mary ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john went to spain .
john 's car broke down .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that was john 's car .
john 's car broke down .
john 's car broke down .
whose car is that ?
is that the boy 's car ?
john 's car broke down .
john loves mary .
the birds are giving jana toys .
john loves mary .
that ( right over there ) is ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was the car ?
john 's car broke down .
that 's the car is broken .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone does n't have the car .
i found a book .
who was driving ?
the car was broken .
why is the grocery store ?
who hates john ?
john bought yesterday to buy a ticket .
who failed the exam ?
sue bought a car .
john bought yesterday to buy a ticket .
john is n't a king house .
john 's friend arrived .
john lived in chicago .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
i arrived ...
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the car was broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is waiting until the book .
john found a keys .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone is giving the car .
john always ( his ) mother over .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
who shot the story ?
the car didn`t break down .
john arrived .
john is giving a football dog .
john read ( him ) is cancelled .
who loves john ?
john is really to fall over .
i found a the cop 's the test .
what did the cop hit me ?
of course for the students , they are in charge .
who saw the whole sandwich ?
who found my keys ?
sue bought a car .
the car was broken .
i was going to the library .
john is giving a ( now .
john bought yesterday to buy a ticket .
john like cars .
has he / she / it going to the store for ?
who prefers dark ?
john is waiting until the book .
when did someone take off ?
john 's mother arrived .
john bought in the future .
sue bought a car .
what did the cop hit me ?
it is empty .
who was in the high border .
john has n't left the file .
what did the cop hit me ?
john is waiting until the book .
john has a keys .
john is waiting by the fall .
then he will buy a book .
the teacher is reading the book .
he / she can read a book to the library .
john is waiting until the library .
my parents were reading the book .
he loves reading but is reading .
the teacher is at the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is not in the house .
how many cars did the teacher give john ?
the student likes chocolate .
that student likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine but she is going to read a book .
chocolate , john hates mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to buy chocolate .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate to read but he / she does n't like chocolate .
john does n't have to buy a car to john .
john loves not chocolate cereal .
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes books , but does n't like movies ?
the teacher finishes the house .
john is giving chocolate his mother .
we had finished reading the book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will you like that book ?
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
did mother already move to john chocolate ?
no , john likes chocolate cereal , but does n't like a car .
which house did john give to john ?
mother likes that boy .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
if the teacher finishes the classroom , the teacher will read it .
will john give chocolate to his mother ?
the deaf man said , " oh , i 'm just teasing , do n't know . "
that is from philadelphia .
... it 's really far to the police , it 's cute .
the hearing person was shocked the cop could sign and he knew that he had been caught !
... can they can take to the opportunity to arrive ,
i was action , so it was important that i 'm not deaf .
that 's after the story of the language ,
the wolf gestured that the deaf person is deaf " .
the car is broken .
the hearing person 's tended 's crashed . it 's more their fault , they 're different . his all has the hearing person 's " identified " as the hearing person did n't be hearing .
the wolf wondered that he should n't hear to worry .
we had a leader that sat down .
ask the fruits , it will be a close call .
... ... , in the hospital , is deathly upset .
the wolf was surprised , that we got probably .
the hearing , who fell to the hospital and punched me .
if a baby is deaf , he will stand up the car .
the that story of the city and punched me .
the wolf was in the pond , you know , he got excused ! " .
... i do n't even have a fancy , the hearing person was not friendly and kept ! at the speedometer .
they were lapd , and it was stolen .
... for more than seven years .
i do n't know if i was deaf .
if dad is really hard , it 's cute .
i was enjoying the drive .
the trees wondered , the hearing man gestured that he could n't hear . that 's all .
so , from , around , what else was on the list . one family was watching the deer .
it 's important that we went on the raft .
it was perfect , but we got in the link .
there was a pop trip . if we all were deaf , we were trouble makers .
the meeting are in the middle ; they did n't care and choose to the worry .
it is important that we threw on the deaf mentor . it was ironic that us two two parents were deaf .
but , it 's not raining , i tried to play football .
it is important that six day to stop mph and it was six and they show the situation to a house to the teacher .
people are very outgoing , meat , something better in jana toys .
dana said , " oh . which do you prefer ? " i said , " sure thing " and drove away .
( babies ) is no snow , no ) .
the leader of the semester , are you south to new york
for example , they used for our lunch years old ,
people are in jana toys .
... if that 's really , there 's many things to that .
people not not any outside , it 's not humid to the same today .
... that 's how found that story .
who supports new york ? ?
the baby will learn , " are you happy ? "
he would go up to the hospital . i see the price tag : 350 dollars .
i does n't know where to go to the bathroom because i ?
a good pig was a good interpreter , but if you 're welcome , you 're comfortable , you know , the one if he is alright , etc .
have you been been to europe ?
the researches was in the fast express south to the same game .
they can find the deaf mentor to meet the parents because the baby is deaf .
but he was crazy the interpreter today .
a hearing role model often are looking to the hospital and got into a house .
... well , overall , it 's important to have diversity in the future .
the hearing person was full , i already decided to tell it .
what are you looking at school 's for ?
the parents does n't have any money -- i was sorry for what .
four year was shocked and they show the situation to the hospital .
( the baby ) was shocked on interstate 80 ,
the cop pulled me and got me .
but it might be fine but the three pigs said " ok , " and the three pigs .
... from how , for example , they 're different .
that 's so typical of wymoning .
... i do n't know , there was a deer . there are a long time , that studies a person was on the .
it seems a little bit . the three pigs happily choose and danced .
the dvd , the baby is lousy , it 's fine .
it is the same idea : in the future area . they are relieved .
that story , that story , was shocked in the future .
ask the fruits , it was important to be a lot .
the air may day , i got up .
most of the summer of the city , the family will learn and embraces them .
does he / she / it grow in california ?
people are giving jana toys .
last year , i got a upset ...
really , it is really inspiring . it involves a lot of fun ,
if all the end of the fall , they 're not socialize why is it easy .
the dvd and fast were ended to come .
but ... so they know , there wo n't be snow , the hall coordinator .
i picked a rope in the reporter ; the choices are broken that i could n't be able to call it here .
the be close by , twenty minutes away from his camp .
it 's important that nobody used to drive .
people are shocked and show up important . they have to do more else .
there were no waiters .
it 's the same idea and it grew in boston and it was closed .
i was not laughing , it 's cute .
there is n't a big difference socially .
the hearing person tapped the hearing person 's tail .
... and who was rodney rodney meat . what to the same store .
... to get out from things . who have seven tennessee ?
in the meeting of all of all from friends years old , since in the future .
if something happens , they make sure it happened , it will be closed .
he had made a videotape of himself riding on one wheel at 80 mph ! ! he is crazy ! !
a wolf was in the pond . oh , it was made of brick way .
the hit group of meetings smashed : , and the group who collided .
people seem to get out of the country .
the cop and groom are going to the police because the deaf person was definitely deaf .
there can create many things .
... well , overall , it 's influence to grow crops in l.a .
it seems a little bit to stop , in chess or cancer . there is no snow .
the first , i have to write for help .
the parents have lived to the hospital . wow , the hall coordinator .
the early intervention services for both groups . they have to join the parents because the parents will learn and embraces the grief progress . "
the parents have lived and lived in a house ...
i gestured it is serious because we all stayed through the raft .
