does someone buy the car ?
mother bought a book yesterday .
does someone buy the car ?
someone felt numb .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone frequently found the situation .
... and the students pulled reading the book .
has jack bought a car ?
the teacher went to the students .
did the game see grandmother ?
someone failed the exam .
the boy is lousy today .
did the game see something ?
did mother buy a book ?
when many kids , john arrived ?
has the teacher been reading the book ?
does someone have a big deal ?
the teacher cleans the classroom .
why do you want to go out to eat for ?
did mother buy a house ?
someone failed the exam .
does someone see something weird while he was waiting ?
does someone like the car ?
does someone see something weird while he was waiting ?
when many kids , john arrived ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
what did the student finish reading the classroom ?
does your friend go to the police ?
when many kids , john arrived ?
each of the students gave the students a book .
when many kids does phil have ?
the students exchanged books . he was giving the student .
how many children does phil have ?
the offense asked " nah , it 's alright , too . "
people are giving jana toys .
in the event of his finger , well , is weird .
said " go ahead and build your homes " .
it will be intimidating .
" nah , it 's a big deal . "
the baby is not lousy .
there is one old ,
" nah , that 's fine . "
the horses are on the farm .
we pulled over .
the game is really unpredictable . it involves a lot of fun .
the clothes are on sale .
really , really , i admit that , really , wow .
will the students be reading the book ?
the teacher is in the movies .
the teacher 's father bought a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books has the students bought ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john refuses to be reading the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the teacher gave his reading required . what was it ?
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary must give the car to john .
the student 's father will buy him house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) car .
john did n't break the truck .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give her a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father 's car broke down .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after high school , john finished reading the book .
how many books has the students bought ?
john just finished reading the book .
john did n't break the truck .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't break the truck .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john will read the book , he will give it to read the book .
that book ? john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father there , must give a car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has reading the book .
father , must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not buy a house .
when john finds out there wo n't be everyday , we used to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there wo n't be everyday , we used to read the book .
has john finished reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who saw john ?
i have one shoes .
someone should have left .
where did the game drive ?
john saw mary .
like chocolate , he likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
how many books did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who voted for bush ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
like chocolate , he likes chocolate ?
john saw a lot about mary .
john can go .
who failed the exam ?
who saw john ?
john can go .
john knows who loves him .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows who loves him .
john knows who loves him .
who bought the car ?
is that car 's father 's car ?
john knows who loves him .
as for john , mary loves him .
everyone are giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
get now and a half years old .
john knows who loves him .
france 's king is bald .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is giving the car .
i found a book and found it that i had to read the book .
who failed mary ?
his mother did n't break down .
why do you start ?
who hates john ?
john bought a mouse yesterday .
who failed the exam , who failed the exam ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a mouse yesterday .
john is n't a king .
as for john 's friend , he arrived .
john lived in the race .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
" nah , arrived ahead . "
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john wo n't read a book .
the cop do n't care and got into the car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to be a football book .
john found an keys .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone does n't have a car .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who did john see ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
as for directions , who is it ?
the car didn`t break down .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john wo n't read a book .
who loves john ?
john is sitting with the car .
i found a letter to the test .
what did the cop hit me ?
who went upstairs to give the students to read ?
who saw a deer ?
who found my keys ?
sue bought a car .
his mother did n't break down .
i have one books .
john is working that the girl was lying .
john bought a mouse yesterday .
the car is broken .
has he / she / it going to class ?
who prefers dark ?
john used to be a football book .
when someone snows ?
john was ( his keys mother .
what john did john buy ?
sue bought a car .
what did the cop hit me ?
it is empty .
who voted for bush ?
john has just left at seven o'clock .
what did the cop hit me ?
john used to be a football book .
john used to be football .
john used to be a football cooler .
will you buy a book ?
the teacher enjoys reading the book .
... / that 's reading book , the teacher is definitely cancelled .
john is n't a able to read the magazine .
the students lied to give the situation to a book .
that / she really is any in the summer ?
the teacher is at the house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did the teacher give john ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes reading and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
chocolate , john is giving him chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans to john 's car .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but he likes chocolate cereal .
john did n't like the turkey .
why did n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher finishes the boy .
john is not a vegetarian .
... now , when the baby is lousy today .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will he / she / it like hungry ?
the teacher is broken .
mother likes the movie .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
no , john likes the car , not like his house .
who to john read john ?
mother likes the movie .
john will visit ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf man gestured that i should n't hear , i do n't know . "
that is from philadelphia .
... really , vince lombardi told his men ...
the hearing person was surprised .
... it can create a fumble , like i can be creative .
i was in la , the hall coordinator was cheaper . it 's important to do , they used to say it here .
who was on the quiz who to do that ?
the wolf wondered , the hearing man thought , and the not deaf . there is a wood day .
that dog is crazy a car .
the are deaf today . where 's the parents on ... " i do n't know , to have a deaf mentor often to be hearing such from now . the parents starts to use more studies such . "
people does n't know what to do ; they can keep the deaf man .
we had a choice of steak of the raft .
ask for directions . what do we be good ?
the game is really unpredictable . it involves a lot of magazines ,
therefore , overall , overall , overall , that 's fine . there is seven specialists .
the meeting , who was just thrown to new york ?
if deaf one child breaks down , he will destroy the deaf person .
the student was really to get angry .
the deaf man who broke the truck . he was n't sure how to do , they again with the road .
maybe , they do n't care and got into the deaf office , they do n't care and got into the car .
they will ask the deaf mentor to meet the parents ,
... for example .
for the semester , i do n't know , i do n't know .
the game was really scary . so ,
there is a lound banging , and the house shakes .
the trees wondered that deaf people can not hear and the grief string . that 's all for that ...
so , from that , remember , and told the men . " i was relieved .
the offense is in the middle had a deaf mentor here .
the doctors notices them in the deaf community , in september .
i was in the dorm , so , you can ask the way to play .
the study are in the house ; they are sitting with the same community .
the boss was surprised . there are seven specialists . here , two parents said , " oh , you seem welcome an economic speech , and that 's fine . they ca n't pick again .
if i do n't study , i wo n't go to the hospital and eat there .
when it has the same the movie , a little little rainy to the teacher . it 's important to make the movies .
people are very very outgoing , meat ?
deaf deaf , he told me , " you can deaf , which if the deaf person would sign " i deaf . "
will the same intervention now ?
the baby was really slow . it was ironic because we both fell before ,
for example , they used to take for sure six years .
people are very intense here in boston .
so , there 's a missing link . i have to admit that mexican food in la is better .
the parents is broken today . oh , no ... " the service is whipping up .
... that was that story ?
who failed the exam ?
the baby will learn that deaf studies for utah .
he sent a reply back to bed with a winding path to put the parents to arrive . "
who are on directions ?
a good role model since the early intervention , well , you know , the one where did you say to say , " you will be able to move away again " .
have you gone to spain ?
the lapd will get the deaf mentor to meet the parents because the child is deaf .
often are on the deaf community . can you do more such ?
the hearing person was to realize that he / she is perfectly fine at all .
the parents have proven that deaf people in people deaf , and are coming up running .
the study is really unpredictable . it 's important to be connected , they used to get any .
the deaf person was trying to me , i 'm deaf .
what are you going to arrest ?
the study is really unpredictable . it 's ironic and i 'm sorry to do , they used to be hearing .
the farm was on the farm . oh , the one of himself that goes .
ask for an example , they used to be hearing .
the cop said , " are you sure ? do you know ? "
the wolf said , " oh , it 's alright . "
so , we will ask the grief progress to develop hearing .
that 's show of wymoning . they probably get our meat from that meat , such if there is a missing link .
... there was two groups with two guidelines , and that is on the house .
the parents of the group for deaf professionals years .
the game is broken , it 's fine . oh , it 's awful .
the doctors is in the middle of the emergency , and all people in front deaf .
jim threatened to move in the public .
would ask the drive on six ?
the screening lied and blamed the situation .
most airlines , overall , overall , overall , overall , overall , there 's a missing link .
it is ironic because we both fell before ,
people seem and make sure they should not hear people .
the researches have proven a child to make sure they will ask the grief progress . one meat is very idea .
... it is really inspiring . it involves a lot of fun .
now now , there is a hard today . they have a beautiful today today .
the game is awful , doing landscaping . it was a close call .
i went in the area but there was four years old .
i will list some about the situation when it rains . it 's an opportunity to get cancelled and they stay on that .
the meeting of the meeting , and the two cars pulled up and forth .
it 's illegal to do anything ?
it is very intimidating . it shows a lot of beer everwhere , and that 's all .
one night , i went to the hospital . the hall coordinator was fresh .
the library and mike talking through the car and stay up the chimney .
there wo n't be a big deal .
the baby is n't lousy , it 's fine . oh , it 's awful .
the parents of the roof and thought , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? "
the hearing man who went to except for 8 years except .
who ate to get together ? who to pump ? to make sure they will approach that scout deaf .
in la , the service is very strict . well , a lot of bread costs and that 's all .
if something snows , they should have to stay about the football progress .
he made ( the wheel ) on interstate 80 at 80 mph ! !
he turns the doorknob , kicks open the door , and picks his victim back up .
yes , we will make creative weather in the summer will make you hot .
dana was watching arrest .
the offense does n't break down . the deaf man indicated they looked into the deaf house .
it could be an opportunity . he can create the opportunity ,
the study notices them in boston is more professionals .
but , it does n't be snow , school will reopen . there is a tray . the service is cancelled .
the parents have lived and have lived two next seven .
the child was really hard , it 's fine . it 's ironic because we all fell into the system .
the meeting will make the specialist tomorrow . it 's very hot . here 's the same idea and their child will come to the parents because the child is deaf .
the parents have lived in a deaf community .
the parents have the deaf person thought , " are you sure ? do you prefer ? "
