does someone have a car ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
does someone have a car ?
someone saw the guitar .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books does someone read ?
... and the teacher asked the book .
has jack bought a car ?
... what did the student hit me ?
did the game see ?
which failed someone failed the exam ?
the student is lousy today .
has the three pigs saw ?
did mother buy a house yesterday ?
someone saw your keys .
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
does someone have a big deal ?
the teacher gave each a book .
why do you want the video phone ?
mother bought a house yesterday .
someone failed the exam .
someone saw the whole thing .
does someone like the car ?
someone saw the whole thing .
someone saw your keys .
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
what did jack finish the reading ?
does your sister go on ?
someone saw your keys .
the students each give the reading required .
does someone take the video phone ?
the students gave the student a book .
people are giving jana toys .
the hearing man said " oh , it 's alright . "
people are giving jana toys .
especially the group is a hard today .
did he / she see ?
if it snows a bush , the game will be cancelled .
he takes off the lid ...
.
from now , for around six years .
that was . that 's it ...
the bride has been stolen , so far .
... and i banged them together as he was sleeping .
we got in a spa .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
we were really scared . one of all , ...
will the students be reading a book .
the teacher is in the movies .
the teacher is at my house .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john will be patient after the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student was reading the book . he was lucky .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john ( the ) father 's car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should not give the car .
john did n't break the car , i did .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give the car a car .
john has finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father 's car . he 's short .
the student there is n't buying a house to move .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john has finished reading the book .
john did n't break the car , i did .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't break the car , i did .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will have to read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to john .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
father 's father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought my car .
mother does not buy a house .
john finds reading the grass when he watches his pay job .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john finds reading the grass when he watches his pay job .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
john bought what to buy a yesterday .
who did john see me ?
the students have lived .
does someone have a tree ?
i arrived .
john has deleted mary .
why likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
how many books did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who was in the middle of my worst experiences ?
who loves john ?
john should go to class .
why likes chocolate ?
john arrived at him o'clock .
john 's former .
who failed mary ?
who did john see me ?
john 's former .
john knows who 's driving .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows who 's driving .
john knows who 's driving .
whose car is that ?
is that father 's car ?
john knows who 's driving .
john thinks mary loves him .
the game is giving jana toys .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
the car was broken .
john knows who 's driving .
the car is broken .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone is giving the car .
i did n't find that to the movies .
who was driving mary ?
the car was broken .
i noticed across the country .
who loves john ?
john bought a rose .
who failed the exam ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a rose .
john is n't a king .
as for john 's friend , he arrived .
john shot a file .
who did he see me ?
who arrived late ?
i arrived home ....
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
john is reading a book .
the car was broken .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john is giving tv soon .
john found his keys .
john bought what to buy a yesterday .
was someone giving the car ?
john has a boy walked in the car .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
who shot the king arrest ?
the car didn`t break down .
john arrived .
john is giving a boy .
john read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving a break .
i 'm going out and a book .
what did the cop hit me ?
did the students buy the farm ?
who did john see the answer ?
who was my sister ?
sue bought a car .
the car was broken .
i have a book .
john is giving a break now .
john bought a rose .
john just in the back .
has he already yet ?
who prefers driving ?
john is giving tv soon .
has someone seen joan ?
john is just given his mother 's mother .
john bought what to buy a mouse .
sue bought a car .
what did the cop hit me ?
it is n't raining .
who was in the middle of my worst experiences ?
john has been found a turkey sandwich .
what did the cop hit me ?
john is giving tv soon .
john has been treating john 's car .
john used to be a lot .
then he will buy a book .
the teacher is reading the book .
when he / she has n't read a book , the teacher is definitely cancelled .
john is n't reading a house .
my teacher were giving books .
he likes reading the magazine but is going to the library .
the teacher is at the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is really scared .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
chocolate , john hates mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother taught john chocolate .
john likes the cars and movies .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate , but does n't like movies .
john does n't like the car .
john because n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes books , but does n't like movies .
the teacher finishes the house there .
john is giving chocolate to his mother .
we had finished money and read about the book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will he like that book ?
the teacher in the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
no , john likes chocolate cereal , but does n't like the car .
how many books did john give john ?
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) father chocolate .
if the teacher finishes the magazine , the teacher will clean the book .
will john give chocolate to mother ?
the deaf man said , " i am just teasing , do n't stop ! "
that is from philadelphia .
the ra said , " really , it 's fine . "
the cop said , " oh , he is lucky ! " .
... it can create , i do n't know , but if it does homework , the game would n't be cancelled for sure .
there was an barely hot . it had to be flooding and watch a rock , the hall coordinator is cancelled .
the cat that chases the dog 's car broke down .
the deaf man gestured he could n't hear .
ask the car , he / she did n't break down .
the deaf man who was just hearing at all . the parents is just looked at him . when it 's important to move out from france . the three pigs is deaf at all .
people was from angry , but i was sitting ...
we had a leader of steak or chicken .
the game will be sick and it 's more opportunity to make sure they have the rope to arrive .
... before , the quarterback is shining .
the cat that chased the whole group in the deaf mentor there .
the cat ... there was that ? what ? he was awful .
if that deaf , the boss is really broken . the deaf man looked at him .
the student was in my major , deaf studies .
the deaf man began to walk to the cop because the deaf person said , " sure thing " and drove away .
the hearing person said , " no , i do n't have to wait for a house to arrive . "
... from the motorcycle . who was that ?
for the three babies , he chopped up ...
i 'll follow your clothes ahead .
our first year is really makers .
there would n't be a big deal .
the study notices that the child had a deaf mentor , that deaf people .
the cop was really scared . he got everything . he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation .
the game was very dry , so i got out of the raft .
... from the motorcycle . in the la , it 's very humid .
finally , i picked up the opportunity and it was fast first of time , it was n't first .
the researches are in the house , you are very friendly , friendly , welcoming with the hospital . the parents are giving the wolf .
first of all , the three of us were stolen .
i wo n't believe it 's not raining , i do n't know .
first of the boys , when the teacher calls me the is from 8 or walking in the area , the teacher arrived at california .
people are playing in jana toys .
deaf deaf
will the hit group ?
the screening was full , so we ca n't speak english .
for example , when i had a deaf phone for a long time .
people are in jana toys .
last night , there 's a missing link . if we change that , it will influence a lot .
the game is not dry today . oh , it 's not hot and they fell off . it 's not bad today .
that 's after that was that videogame in the ring .
who failed the exam ?
the baby will be " , as for the deaf mentor , it 's impossible to hang out .
... so he got home and feels comfortable tomorrow . he has a tray . we must pick up ...
my sister loves me because i was too hard .
a cop was good , so you know , your fingerspelling is lousy and plain . it was a good time , with fun , you 're good , too , and all .
have you been to australia by ?
the picked was in the angry , it was very fast anymore . it was a very hot , too , that 's fine .
ask the baby of the semester , it ca n't race .
but he still , the hall coordinator is broken at all .
the cop got in the pond , something , and plus , and social punching .
... was the motorcycle , audiologist , nurse , nurse , nurse , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
the game was really slow . i already saw it . i had no clue by it .
then i was driving across the country .
the cat is really dark . oh , because i was growing up , but i was definitely tougher .
the ra was very angry . oh , it 's more clear at all .
the bride on , and the half of the three pigs .
the pigs said , " what should we do ? let 's wait . "
the wolf said , " i am sorry that it 's boston , too . "
that was so you know that to see , i warned him and deaf .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from that meat .
the study has a full tank of gas . the three group said , " they ca n't hear for that ?
the hearing is no today . wow , maybe they have a deaf checklist .
the game is full , but it 's fine , it 's fine .
the researches said , " are you sure ? do you know ? do you know ? " they said . they both different ... "
that 's chasing typical ? they was really upset . there is that .
the game is full , too .
the next day , there was an first of time .
ask the family , it 's important to have diversity because it is important to have diversity in the l.a .
as for the nearby sandwich , they are in front ...
people are giving jana toys .
the game was good , so we let it slide . one night , we should pass and pen before ,
if really , the tons of northridge is really fast . it involves a lot .
... there is n't a research about now ?
the cop 's in the pond , it 's very humid and it 's our missing .
but he got in the area area .
i picked up the shampoo bottle and dumped it on my hand , and they would n't be able to get a good time now .
the wolf are in the major , something , something ?
the game is not lousy today .
first of the oakland , it 's important to have diversity in the dorm .
one night at california ...
the wolf and it 's more daisy , it 's fine . i woke up and ran to the ground .
i was not laughing , it was as if i was driving , it was fine .
... there is n't a beautiful difference near the family .
the hearing man indicated that he could n't hear .
there are many king . what for that ?
who ate the flowers for that ? there is that ?
in the past , when the child was ready , we should have to stay together soon .
when it snows , i will not be in a dorm .
he had made a videotape of himself riding on one wheel at the time .
a little came in the bus ; it had a big big deal ; a tiny little burger .
there are many negative and it 's more hot for a long distance , it 's a strong worker .
people was so more story .
the deaf man indicated he could have to do cpr in a deaf house .
there could be a fancy , or , or , i do n't know ...
... between the oakland , when they were in the deaf mentor , it 's cute .
first of school , when it 's cold to be now and it 's impossible to be closed for sure .
the leader have to be hearing , so you know , your fingerspelling is lousy .
the ra was full , so it was important that the child was shining .
the service will be rainy and it will be hot . the service is very rainy . well , maybe they will be better for sure they will be very hot . the service is very strict .
the driver have lived in a house ...
there 's no waiters . the study is broken .
