does someone have a big deal ?
did mother buy that book ?
does someone have a big deal ?
someone saw a lot .
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone finds to the book .
... and the teacher gave each of the students ?
has jack bought a car ?
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
has the three of grandmother ?
someone saw the guitar .
the student is bald .
is the video phone clear ?
did mother buy a house ?
someone arrived .
each gave each reading the book each book .
i was in my high chair .
the teacher gave each a lot .
why do you want to see ?
did mother buy a house yesterday ?
someone saw the file .
someone saw the whole thing and postpone it .
i noticed and saw the two thing .
someone saw the whole thing and postpone it .
someone arrived .
each of the students gave the student a book .
what did jack give the rose to the teacher ?
someone saw the whole thing .
someone arrived .
each the students each give the teacher a book .
" i failed someone , " he said .
the students gave john a book .
how many kids does phil have ?
back and be scared . it 's important to find an flowers .
people are giving jana toys .
his wife is bald .
did you go to the police station ?
if it 's snowing , then there is cancelled .
he gets himself each corner .
. it 's how many things that are it easy .
dana was giving jana toys .
that 's it .
the horses are giving the football screening .
he banging the handcuffs .
the game is really slow . oh , it 's cute .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
really , really , everything was really close to omaha us . really , ...
will the students read a book ?
the teacher is in the movies .
the student 's father bought a book .
why should father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ( pay for ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father 's house to buy a house .
mother will buy a house .
after john finds out the grass , he saw the book .
i 've never been to john 's car .
the student gave his teacher to my teacher .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
john has must buy a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't break the car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his / a ) car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
mother will not read the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father 's car to give ( his ) ) car .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ( pay for ?
john has finished a book .
john did n't break the car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't break the car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will have to read the book .
that student finished john finished yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car .
did john read the book ?
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has finished reading the book .
john , must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , we will cover open the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , we will cover open the book .
did john finish reading the book ? yes , he did .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who saw mary ?
the students have lived .
children snows many shoes .
i arrived .
john has saw mary in the race .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who was it ?
who loves john ?
john should go to class .
who likes chocolate ?
john saw him many girl .
john did n't buy the turkey .
who failed mary ?
who saw mary ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
john knows man loves .
john thinks mary loves ( him / her ) .
that was john 's car .
john knows man loves .
john knows man loves .
whose car is that ?
is that 's father 's car ?
john knows man loves .
mary loves mary .
the first of muhammad jana six .
mary loves mary .
that car is n't broken .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
his car was broken .
john knows man loves .
what 's the car is broken .
john thinks mary loves ( him / her ) .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone 's former car .
i told his of the reading that book .
who failed mary ?
the cop 's car 's car .
" why is the deer ?
who loves john ?
john bought many keys yesterday .
who failed the exam ?
sue bought a car .
john bought many keys yesterday .
france is n't a king house .
john 's friend arrived .
john saw the file .
who did he / she see something ?
who arrived late ?
" i killed him , " the person said .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
mary loves mary .
john is reading a book .
the cop are broken .
the car is broken .
john likes mary .
john is giving the football party .
john is giving the girls boxes .
what did john buy yesterday ?
where 's the car , it 's cute .
john always giving his keys .
who saw john ?
the car is really broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
who shot another video phone ?
the car didn`t break down .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john should read a book .
who loves john ?
john is giving his keys , he stitched it .
i hope that i had a barbeque signer .
what did the cop hit yesterday ?
how many children does phil have ?
who saw john ?
who was planning to tell bill ?
sue bought a car .
the cop 's car 's car .
i have off books .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john bought many keys yesterday .
did we buy a letter ?
he / she did n't finish money .
who failed the exam ?
john is giving the football party .
when someone snows out ?
john is just 's mother arrived .
john bought many keys .
sue bought a car .
what did the cop hit yesterday ?
the baby is lousy .
who was it ?
john has a keys .
what did the cop hit yesterday ?
john is giving the football party .
john has been a turkey sandwich .
john used to be a football player .
will you buy a house ?
the teacher gave reading a book .
is that , she / she is not reading a book .
john is made a house .
my book gives how i was giving the book .
wearing black clothes loves the magazine but is not any tax .
the teacher is at the house there .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies , like books .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
chocolate , john hates mother .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother suspected to john .
john likes the cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes to john likes but does n't like pineapple cream cheese .
john decided to sell his house .
why did n't john like chocolate ?
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes books , but does n't like movies .
the teacher finishes each of the house .
john is giving chocolate his mother .
well , the game finishes : they had a good book .
the student does not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
will he like that book ?
the teacher gives the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother finished john chocolate ?
no , john likes not funny , but does n't like a house .
many house did john give ( his ) father chocolate ?
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
if the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
will john give chocolate to his mother ?
the deaf person said , " oh , i 'm deaf . "
that is from philadelphia .
really , vince lombardi told his men ...
the cop and said , " oh , that s fine . "
... it can create a fumble , so , i can not ask them .
last night , well , i was n't upset for all .
... that , who 's not funny ?
there was no cops . the house is whipping up .
ask the car , he / she did n't breakdown for a while now .
no , he 's his king is bald . oh , it 's important to have diversity in the deaf mentor to arrive in the hospital and the deaf person . ” wow .
people are looking and , well , that was fine .
we had a leader of steak in the raft .
the early intervention services for him a magazine .
the game is really unpredictable . oh , mcdonald 's very humid .
that makes the story of the language that chases the situation from sorry .
the girls and sue daisy , who was great ?
if that deaf , he / she is perfectly fine . the deaf person said , " sure if he is an deaf . "
the student 's from nervous .
the deaf person said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? "
as for the pig , they did n't care and kept in the deaf mentor . they were relieved .
... i was deaf .
for the cop years for seven years .
for how i do n't know , i thought " i said . i said .
last aunt is really scary .
a deer shakes banging .
the study notices the same , that deaf people had a deaf house .
so , the cop was really scared . he got up and ran to the new house .
the family picks a bunch of pots from the cabinet and went ahead and saw it .
it was the only as in the ring , it 's the same idea .
finally , i . if we care of heights , they wo n't hear for a while .
many people are giving jana toys .
the study is very outgoing . oh well , it 's the same thing that the doors coordinator . they were coming on the house .
i do n't even look , i do n't know .
the teacher tonight to meet the situation because the teacher was in charge , and he knew his locked the door , and off .
people are friendly , friendly , meat ? oh , meat , welcoming ate cool . meat . meat .
deaf deaf " , he told himself , " you can not hear to call you deaf . "
when a deaf child is bald .
the boy have to beat if he / she is arriving , so i was sorry for the food .
for example , when we went out , and many people fell off .
meat , they are giving jana toys . the meat here is very better and pen ,
last night , there 's many things .
in the event of the not deaf today , they did n't understand it today . they had no clue .
that was that 's after wymoning .
who failed the exam ?
the study is going to the mall . ca n't be deaf .
he 'll take a bite ... he has built the house with her a shaking .
because my parents are to drive ?
john refused to check the email , you know , you have to have a good time , but you know , you have a good time . "
have you been to australia before ?
the wolf was getting more angry .
they ca n't believe it 's the end of the three pigs .
but he still , is going to the hospital for the but but anyway ...
the hearing pigs were in the house ; they are looking at the house . the deaf pigs began to realize and pen , and make sure .
a lot of interesting everwhere , further , and many people .
the deaf person is just d- , so i did n't know what to do .
then i was looking at home .
the library is close to the library . i did n't have the roof and postpone it .
as for the mouse , they asked it is important to have diversity in the public .
the leader of the three pigs . wow , it was awful .
the pigs said , " what should we do ? let 's wait and see . "
but but it spit , i 'll go to the hospital .
so , that 's see ... there was a deer .
that 's after typical of wymoning . we have to admit that mexican food in the future .
the hearing person did n't care and got into the other house . the three pigs gestured he could n't hear .
the hearing person is just friendly . it 's the same idea . are the deaf checklist .
the game is n't lousy , it 's fine .
the researches is friendly , twenty landscaping . it 's the same idea .
that 's chasing the language who punched in the exam .
... and it 's ironic that the two pigs was sorry .
the next day , gazpacho landscaping .
most , most lombardi , i played used to play video games .
the game is in shock .
people are giving jana toys . they are sorry .
in the la , they were really fast about the fast service , so i was sorry for the food .
really , it is pretty a total . really , it was really inspiring .
... no , mcdonald 's about a dream .
the dvd and mike daisy . hospitals had become angry .
but then they sat down for a long time . but anyway ...
" i picked up a head about the stitches and it 's doorbell to get open . it 's the only today .
and the researches and the reporter fell off . it 's the flat and it 's sorry . the wolf is shaking .
it 's illegal to find an opportunity .
the game is very outgoing . oh , the meat , it 's fine .
second , mcdonald 's fine ; the three of us were worried .
and the car and it 's fine , but i just went out to beverly .
i did n't know what to do -- my hand has a flat .
... there are not a pop drops on the next of the raft .
the hearing person tapped the hearing person 's tail .
he saw the whole idea for the three pigs .
who makes the flowers for our tennessee ? what makes the flowers ?
in the fast of the fast ; all the costs ; we had to come up in the hospital and tan .
when it snows out , or landscaping , you 're comfortable .
he had made a videotape of himself riding on one wheel at 80 mph !
he yawned , went to bed , and went to bed .
the service and chairs all the same service . it 's the same idea and the same - the door .
an deaf person said , " i have an deaf toys . "
the deaf man said , " are sure you 're eating ? do you know ? "
he can create it . he can create the house .
in the meeting , they should have become to meet for the deaf role model .
in the meeting , no forward in school , a quarterback sack , there 's a missing link .
the first of the class , nurse , counselor , and social worker .
the hearing person was friendly . it 's ironic that they used to use the deaf mentor .
the sun noticed to come in the hospital and it is fresh . " it 's the same idea and their child will get fined . "
the third often have lived in a deaf community .
there 's not a hurricane . the next game . it 's not automatic negative .
