has bob great the lottery clear ?
did mother buy a book ?
has bob great the lottery clear ?
what happened does the surprise party ?
mother bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
someone has french books .
the teacher gave out that book .
did mother buy a car ?
the students must learn to listen to the teacher .
have you seen the surprise party ?
where are the friends going ?
the students exchanged books .
have the video friends arrive ?
did the teacher buy yesterday ?
someone arrived .
did the teacher clean the classroom ?
it started a big , it was someone hot .
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
do you want anything ?
did mother buy a house ?
someone plays the guitar .
the early intervention services for both groups .
the early intervention services for both groups .
the early intervention services for both groups .
someone arrived .
the students contributed money to buy the teacher a book .
what did the students clean to the teacher ?
the sun sets , with confidence .
someone arrived .
each / she read a book .
have you regathered the lottery ?
the students listen to the read .
obama is from philadelphia , deaf or vegetables .
the offense picks . he looked back and started talking right on .
people are giving jana toys .
is that videogame easy to beat ?
then you know , your fingerspelling is lousy .
how many children does they have ?
what was the flat of the road .
what 's your favorite ?
what is that ?
it is a very upset .
our ra lived on six floor .
the deer started to speed up to 90 .
the only of services where you tie ?
( i was driving , i have paper and pen .
the reporter said , " really , muhammad ali would stand up and start punching at people .
the cat will buy his / a book .
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher bought a book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the students read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john chocolate .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has told bill about the students .
i 've never seen john 's car .
did the student tonight give a book to his sweetheart ?
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , john will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must buy a car .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should buy a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
who prefers to buy the book ?
will mother read a book about ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't know the answer , mary did .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book , he will give it to john .
how many books did the students read ?
john refuses to finish reading the book .
john did n't buy the turkey .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't buy the turkey .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't know the answer , mary did .
that book has john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
you have to give the car to john ?
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john will be rowing when the lights went out .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john will be rowing when the lights went out .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who seen john ?
the students has one of cars .
how many children does phil have ?
where did the tree drive ?
as for john , who says him john loves .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought a book yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
who sent the flowers .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john has eaten a turkey sandwich .
john must go .
who failed mary ?
who seen john ?
john must go .
john knows who mary loves .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows who mary loves .
john knows who mary loves .
who bought the car ?
is that the father 's father 's car ?
john knows who mary loves .
john loves him .
all people are giving jana toys .
john loves mary .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , bill says him loves mary .
which car is that ?
john knows who mary loves .
someone 's favorite ( food / vegetable ) is corn .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone will give his keys .
i need to pay books .
who failed mary ?
which car is that ?
" i automatically ask often , " she said .
who loves john ?
john bought a car .
what are the video store ?
mother should buy the car to the car .
john bought a car .
john 's favorite ( food is a vegetarian .
john knows who john loves .
john works nights .
who did john see who ?
who arrived ?
have you gone to europe ?
who arrived ?
sue bought a car .
john loves mary .
john used to read his book .
the cop 's car broke down .
whose car is that ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to be football .
john just figured out a solution .
what did john buy yesterday ?
someone has the car .
john just came in the race .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many books does phil have ?
( the car ) is broken ?
john arrived .
john is a story . he 's funny .
john read about the book .
who loves john ?
john used to play football .
i has never seen a book .
what 's the turkey store ?
how many cars did the student give ?
john has visited mary .
who loves someone ?
sue bought a car .
which car is that ?
i have one more math class ,
john is a vegetarian . he 's funny .
john bought a car .
the car is broken .
the book has a lot of magazines .
who supports new york ? ?
john used to be football .
has someone seen joan ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john knows what to buy .
sue bought a car .
what 's the turkey store ?
the weather is lousy .
who sent the flowers .
john has two mice .
what 's the turkey store ?
john used to be football .
john has two mice .
john used to hit the sack .
john will buy a book .
the teacher liked the movie but the teacher did n't .
he , that 's not book , there 's just book in reading .
john is in the house .
that is that book to read , but it 's fine .
he / she wants a french name .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher has been clean at the magazine after now .
john thinks mary loves ( him / her ) .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother plans chocolate for john .
john likes cars .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate but does n't like reading .
what he is crazy about reading about is cars ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john , in the future , is not buying a book .
then , all the book , he 's in the library .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if will ( he / she / it like tuna fish ?
the teacher is in the future .
mom likes the movie .
has john finished reading the book ?
no , john likes chocolate cereal , but does n't like the car .
what did the students read john ?
mother likes the movie .
john will win chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read the book .
john will give chocolate for a red now .
the deaf person said , " i warned you , one ... two ... " i began watching the deaf sister . "
why is father upset ?
it was very intimidating . it has a big log this friday ? ? what ? ?
the hearing person was excited but we can not socialize .
it can create an opportunity for the other team to win ,
how job , when the child dropped on the channel , then i have to admit that mexican food in la is better .
which waitress who was on the quiz ? in la , it 's boston ?
they probably stop chocolate and vegetables . there is a research that studies two groups from utah and tennessee .
why do n't he / she / it doing in california ?
it 's the same thing of bu 's life were stolen . it 's important to be connected . " " no , it 's very missing and it 's life .
... like one side of the students said , " really ? "
we have a choice of steak or chicken .
what 's the name of the city where bu is ? bustun ...
the tables and chairs were all wood . it looked like a log cabin .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if we change that , there 's no tax .
do , everything 's like 11 o'clock at home .
if he deaf , he is crazy , the old who if he is alright .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear . "
the researches was not scared . when we were really close to me , but eventually crashes and sleeps .
the waitress said , " oh . which do you prefer ? "
take rodney king , for example .
how many kids does i go to the store for ?
how many children does phil have ?
the deer started to speed up to 90 .
the waitress said , " are you sure now ? because they have a deaf role model .
so , the family in fact move here , and said ok , that is fine .
the wolf held his sore behind in relief , then ran away .
... and the guy , who was six or five years .
i picked to the hospital , because you know , you have been a good friend of mine " .
sorry , there 's not how many negative . how many kids , do they have to hit the word sorry .
first of all , i think nothing compares with boston seafood . second , the meat here is fresh and more flavorful .
the baby is n't any , it 's just fine . " i do n't know .
first of all , when i was twelve and a half years old , after six and a half years at csun .
people seem seem friendly ? in la , seems about boston meat ...
deaf people said , " want you want a deaf thing about ? "
mother works in the deaf community .
how many children does phil have to hit ?
... for rodney king , for example . for example , for example , they were sitting , ...
... and here in boston is that the deaf here in boston ...
so , the family in fact move here , and there is six specialists .
in december , which means involving well , they are not sure ... it 's important to be connected and they must collaborate with others .
that 's how powerful the city is in la ...
who hates flowers ?
if you plan ahead of time you can save money , that 's it .
... and realized that the wolf was trying to come down the chimney . " ahh , it 's awful .
ask for directions ? my friend hates surprises tubing .
... and realized that about how kind of situation ; they all were doing hungry . there are seven specialists for only two parents .
i have never seen there 's wrong .
the waitress said , " are you sure ? do you understand ? " i said they wanted paper and pen , haha .
why do n't have an imac now ? ca n't pick for a dance now ?
but it was better , but during la it 's boston .
the researches have proven that a deaf role model . they all were watching the deaf community .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor to meet the parents .
the first pigs said , " i can copy , and i have paper and pen .
why are your groups going before they hit ?
there are many various things ( in boston ) , it 's awful . i think the one about gas .
the doctors runs on third floor . on interstate 5 at csun ,
all of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
then i reached back and got south .
but it 's the only that mexican life .
that 's how kind of situation .
yes , overall a little bit . we probably get our meat from there .
first of all , i think nothing compares with boston seafood . second , the family has deaf , but ...
they would ask the parents to the early intervention .
it was ironic that we had to wait for the cop to arrive .
first of all , i think nothing compares with boston seafood .
that 's the name of services where bu is ?
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
most of the early intervention . it 's the same thing to bu .
the game and groom ended a few - say four - classes .
people are giving jana toys . they both fell before ,
there are many various things ( in boston ) state , since i was sitting ...
really , it 's a big difference from here .
our ra lived in a dorm room .
the farm and groom danced . they all wrote together and talked .
but in la , it is a good distance from magazines .
i gestured , " no , i 'm deaf ! " so she came around and started talking right in my face .
hit , and hit and hit and hit .
one team has the offensive line ...
it was very intimidating . it had been parkinson 's disease ...
there were no waiters , the three of us were really strict .
... and i make sure i have paper and pen , haha .
there are many various things that are wrong with the system .
wow , it is not a big difference .
... was stuck under the boat and could not breathe for a while .
... from tennessee , what 's how tennessee is that hearing ?
? which one of how job does they are ? in the super super bowl .
it 's the same thing with siberian tigers -- their stripes vary . it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's delicious .
... or facing the oakland raiders in the first super bowl .
he had a bunch of himself riding on one wheel now .
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
the study have a specialist ; all people were stolen , and another group with gas .
people can not simply rely on a deaf mentor , they make sure deaf people for each group while another group to deaf people .
people seem think a deaf role model of people are deaf , deaf or vegetables .
then i can throw out of the deaf mentor , they can buy deaf people .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor to meet the parents .
there are very research of us in the summer ; would they make probably rain tomorrow ?
we stayed on warm and vegetables , and vegetables .
they would bring talking for the early intervention . he wanted to work at rit .
the researches often would say " we should discuss the grief progress . here 's the social worker and counselor , they will help you to nagivate the grief progress . "
i think one people should be deaf , and everything daisy .
in la , the sun is broken .
