how many happens does phil have ?
did mother buy a book ?
how many happens does phil have ?
it has a big dog .
how many cars did the student buy ( pay for ) ?
john finished reading the book .
has someone read that book ?
the teacher gave the teacher a book .
has mother bought a car ?
he , the students must give the teacher a book .
did you host high joan ?
someone found the keys .
the students exchanged books .
has someone seen joan ?
did the teacher buy yesterday ?
someone 's favorite ( food / vegetable ) is corn .
did the teacher finish reading the book ?
in the event of snow , the lottery starts to walk .
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
neither for the video phone .
did mother buy a house yesterday ?
someone plays the guitar .
does the surprise someone clear ?
both of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
does the surprise someone clear ?
someone 's favorite ( food / vegetable ) is corn .
the students gave the teacher a book .
what 's the students finished reading so far ?
the sun , what was that ?
someone 's favorite ( food / vegetable ) is corn .
the students gave the teacher a book .
someone 's favorite soon .
the student gave that the book .
people does n't have a deaf phone .
we gave the bag to the hall coordinator .
people giving jana toys .
is that videogame easy to have an opportunity to stop video games .
wolf said , " go ahead and build your homes " .
how many kids does phil have ?
lightning strikes and rain pours .
... that is that ?
the staff was shining .
we had a big project of the europe .
the bride and groom ended around their wedding .
we just got back into our seats .
all of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
... at the nearby market .
i was picked to attack , really !
the library will give the book to the student .
the teacher is in the movies .
the teacher gave the movie to the book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books does have the book ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john to finish his car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has eaten his father a book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
did the student finish reading the teacher a book bald ?
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must buy a car .
the student 's father will buy a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give the car to the car .
did john be sure john 's car ?
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give out that the car is broken .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books does have the book ?
john has reading the book .
did john be sure john 's car ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
did john be sure john 's car ?
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading the book .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give the car to mary .
that book , john finished reading the book yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has reading the book .
the father must give the car to john .
mother should not have a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who knows john ?
the students have money .
the students has money .
so you know , there is two doors .
john gave the keys , who was john .
who likes chocolate ?
is mother buying a car ? no , he 's himself .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who and it grew up .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john has eaten a turkey sandwich .
john works nights .
who supports mary ?
who knows john ?
john works nights .
john will beat the girl .
as for john , mary , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john will beat the girl .
john will beat the girl .
who does he / she / it go out to eat ?
is that for that ?
john will beat the girl .
john loves him / her / it loves .
four years ago .
as for john , mary loves him .
who is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john and vegetables , mary .
bob 's car .
john will beat the girl .
bob 's former car .
as for john , mary , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
is someone seen joan ?
i need to pay a book .
who supports mary ?
his mother 's car .
to do tennessee ?
who loves john ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
what does you guess the tree ?
is sue upset ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
john is giving a house now .
john found his keys .
john works nights .
who did john see who ?
who arrived late ?
there will the tree be ? next to the garage .
who arrived late ?
is mother buying a car ? no , he 's himself .
as for john , mary loves him .
john works in the bike .
which college 's favorite ( food ) ) .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john gave his keys .
john found his keys .
what did john buy yesterday ?
is someone healthy ?
john over there used to move away .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many books does phil have ?
the girls are giving the car .
john arrived .
john is a library now .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
i found someone onto the test .
what did he hit yesterday ?
how many children does phil have ?
john has visited the file .
who and told bill that her loves bill ?
is mother buying a car ? no , he 's himself .
his mother 's car .
i have a picture , it 's cute .
john is a deaf brother .
what did john buy yesterday ?
did you like john ?
( he / she ) shoots california , he has bad luck .
who is dad upset ?
john gave his keys .
has someone seen joan ?
who is john 's mother 's car ?
john bought a book .
is mother buying a car ? no , he 's himself .
what did he hit yesterday ?
the sun is small .
who and it grew up .
john has eaten information .
what did he hit yesterday ?
john gave his keys .
john has found his keys .
john gave his keys everyday .
when will he buy a book ?
the teacher wants to read a book .
he , that 's how the students going to the library to read a magazine .
john is a very surprised .
will my students read the book later ?
that he likes to read the magazine , he / she does n't like to read .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
how many cars does john give ?
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes the car .
john will not like movies .
the student does n't like to read but he / she does n't like to read .
what did he / she / it like john ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john is eating chocolate .
four years boys to come to the library .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should not buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if for the mouse , will he like the movie , he will eat the bagel .
the teacher is in the back of the car .
mother likes movies .
has mother already given john chocolate ?
no , john likes to finish his car .
what many books does john have to john ?
mother likes the movie .
will john give ( his ) mother a chocolate ?
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read the book .
john will give chocolate chocolate .
... and the deaf man said , " i am ready to catch and eat you ! "
why is that nauseated ?
... really , football or those need to be good for fifteen team ,
the cop walked over and started talking .
after they can arrive , the hall coordinator , and he arrived .
how something and the surprise utah , they used to be able to move out .
ask that , who is that that i learned in l.a .
the waitress said , " oh , no , there is many smaller cliques .
yes , he / she talks a lot .
which dog does bob go to the post office to buy stamps ? " " no , is not coming to the post office to save stamps .
people was sitting and danced up . they both bad and feels together .
we had a good time or chicken .
there makes a research that studies on the system .
the tables and all people in the room ; their leader would n't be in session .
therefore , overall , there 's wo that for chocolate , they will have better ...
three , when i was sitting , and who ...
if the deaf child is deaf , deaf person is broken .
the study that chased the dog / they give the deaf family .
the deaf man indicated he could n't hear and he knew that he had been caught !
when the teacher starts to surf the internet , he still had to yell for help .
they were lapd , and were coming up from them .
take example and vegetables , ( i ) ...
how many kids does phil have ?
since how many kids lived in california ?
i kept driving through the club .
the waitress and gestured that he could n't hear .
so , i wish it was only five minutes away , so he started to communicate in speech .
third , i went to the hospital .
... and another guy , well , we will march into it .
anyway , it does n't we use a deaf mentor ,
the hearing cars might care and embraces the situation more calmly . they did n't win what to do .
the farm and groom danced at their wedding by picking their song .
no , i do n't even have one general education .
when the teacher calls the movie , the hall coordinator , everyone crashed the soup , the hall coordinator .
... here and here up how many people does not seem bad ?
deaf people does n't want to read a deaf mentor , he was willing .
sue is deaf , but mom is serious .
how night , the fruits and vegetables , there is four things .
... for another than seven years ,
people , people 's tended to make sure they have paper and pen ready to the deaf community .
the farm system at california is more outside .
in december , the sun is not lousy , it 's really easier to understand .
there is a lot of us france 's body .
who supports new york ? ?
will they guess that ? will he / she / it will eat a mouse .
... and realized that the wolf was trying to come down the chimney .
who bought my keys ? what ? what ? ? what ? ?
so , the pigs went in and discussed for example . after , you know , the service is lousy friendly .
i have to take the tax .
the hearing person wondered what he should do . he closed and locked the door , and burned the air .
why do n't we use a big project ,
but the water was only worth that i was sorry for the water .
the deaf person said , " oh , alright . " they all screamed and hid . they were relieved .
a system system at us , they used to be good for fifteen wards .
the farm , and i was laughing and mike daisy . it had a lot of effort into it .
the birds are singing .
each group to make sure one group would give the flowers and i was sorry .
they would bring on for our advice . we were trouble makers .
... at the nearby market .
how many kids does phil have ?
but anyway i 'll still do n't know if there is the whole thing .
they probably lived on through 3 and vegetables or vegetables .
from then on , i used to send him that story .
joe does n't have a deaf mentor to meet the lot .
it had to be patient because westling announced his retirement since no one knew .
it was ironic because we both fell before ,
first of all , i think ... one men has parkinson 's disease ... wow , it was ...
that is that tv on the cheese .
it had to be patient because westling announced his retirement .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
still meeting is la on the farm because their questions is lousy .
in the event , are that rain , is cold .
people are not ready . they do n't even like general .
the first pigs grew up ...
four of all , it rains to be ten to drive in l.a .
there is a research now to make sure they 're comfortable ...
the tables and groom danced at their wedding .
but that i was trying to find for the cop to arrive in the area .
i just had a big bite in the trunk .
... and all more groups to make sure they should ask someone for help .
wow , there is no snow .
therefore , the fruits of us were stolen , with moving away in the 50s .
i do n't know , i am fine .
and i went back and got talking another bag to my x - ray results .
no , i do n't know , i am fine .
it is n't a big deal .
three of his motorcycles were stolen , two landscaping .
make sure they will ask the parents for no tennessee .
? which ? which does who hit me for ? tennessee ?
... in la : the state change his hand in newton , they used to be for fifteen minutes on people .
... or , someone will find someone up .
they did n't care about different smashed in the coffin .
the tapper thrusts his hand into his victim 's body and pulls out the victim back on .
first of all , the fruits and all people in california .
people can make sure and deaf people can read and a deaf role model .
each group in the deaf mentor model deaf people can not hear him in the deaf community .
could they guess that ?
the tables system in california and vegetables in california . it 's ironic that we will have to help for help .
... at la on , school used to be ten for fifteen minutes ,
all , all job , how many kids to hit and the situation .
similarly , the fruits and vegetables in california taste fresher , since they grow in california .
then the parents would yell the parents for stitches on the hall , then the parents will say " the parents will learn the grief progress . "
i deaf and said , " deaf , deaf ! " i just like deaf and deaf ! "
the metal corner , there is many different sizes .
