the cop came on and goes to sleep .
did mother buy a book ?
the cop came on and goes to sleep .
the car is very broken .
mother bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
how many books has someone read ?
the teacher gave out the answers to the test .
has mother bought a car ?
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
did you host high school ?
where kind of party is it ?
the students today , there is a test .
the deer was eating someone .
did the teacher buy yesterday ?
where do you leave where ?
after the teacher finished the reading , the student did n't .
it was very intimidating .
the teacher gave each the test .
do you want to save something ?
did mother buy a house ?
someone plays the guitar .
what does the tree be ?
the siren flashed and the two cars pulled over .
what does the tree be ?
where do you leave where ?
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
which house did the student finish reading so far ?
the cop came up and started talking .
where do you leave where ?
the students exchanged books , but the students do n't .
where does it go ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
obama is from philadelphia . they all seemed deaf people .
the offense picks a bunch of guys who pries open .
people are giving jana toys .
is that videogame easy to beat ?
do you know where to go ?
the early intervention , you have to ...
what was they chasing me ?
that 's chasing the language .
what is that videogame ?
we got back into our seats .
the bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
the deer started to speed up to 90 . the hearing person looked at the meter and thought " wow ! " .
all of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
( the three babies grew up ...
anyway , the three of us said , " really ? "
the cat will the cat that book .
the teacher is in the movies .
the teacher gave out that the book .
why did father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ( pay for ) ?
mother does n't want to buy a house .
father 's father must give john a car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has visited a book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't tell the reading required .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must give him a car .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john told his girl 's car .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will win the car .
john finished reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
why did the father buy john ?
will mother read a book about ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
the student 's father bought a book .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ( pay for ) ?
john has deleted the book .
john told his girl 's car .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john told his girl 's car .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
father must give the car to john because the father wants a car .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does n't want to buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john knows what yesterday .
who saw john ?
the students has many cars .
the girls are giving you the student .
where did the tree be ?
john has eaten a turkey sandwich .
who likes chocolate ?
sue bought a car .
john bought ( his ) mother yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
the cop asked who was john 's car .
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john has eaten a turkey sandwich .
john finished reading .
who failed mary ?
who saw john ?
john finished reading .
john is giving the girl boxes .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is giving the girl boxes .
john is giving the girl boxes .
whose car is that ?
is that car there ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
john loves ( mary ) .
the bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
john loves ( him ) .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
john is eating a sandwich .
where ( right / her ) is broken .
john is giving the girl boxes .
the cop will give him a car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone took the car .
i 've never been to read .
who failed mary ?
which car is that ?
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
who loves john ?
john bought ( his ) mother .
what kind of party is it ?
sue should buy a car .
john bought ( his ) mother .
john is just given a book .
john found an keys .
john lived in chicago .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
i have a picture , it 's cute .
who arrived late ?
sue bought a car .
john loves ( .
john used to books .
... and wait him for sure .
whose car is that ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john has eaten a book .
john found his keys .
john knows what yesterday .
is it upset ?
john just got into his car .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john go ?
how many books does phil go to ?
( the cop ) is stolen ?
john was arriving .
john is giving the girl a book now .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john just got in a ham sandwich .
i found off the test .
what did the cop hit john ?
how many cars does the student want to buy ?
john has visited a book .
who and joe married ?
sue bought a car .
which car is that ?
i have a picture , it 's cute .
john is giving the girl a ticket .
john bought ( his ) mother .
john likes surprises .
i have a picture , it 's funny .
who supports flowers ?
john has eaten a book .
has someone seen joan ?
john 's mother arrived .
john knows what yesterday .
sue bought a car .
what did the cop hit john ?
the cat is / was cool .
the cop asked who was john 's car .
john has two mice .
what did the cop hit john ?
john has eaten a book .
john has two mice .
john used to be a football player .
did he buy the book ?
the teacher likes to read the book .
he / she can finish to the library because he / she is reading a book .
john is in the house there right now .
my parents might perceive the book because he loves to wrestle to do .
he likes to read that book .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
if the teacher likes books , the teacher will give to the student .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
john is giving the girls boxes .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes chocolate but he / she does n't like to read .
what did john like chocolate ? at 2 pm .
john does n't like chocolate .
mother does n't like the movie .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher is in the house ...
john 's mother just bought a chocolate .
four of us went to the library .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if will father like that book , he / she will read , he / she will read .
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes movies .
did john finish reading the book ?
no , the car does n't like the truck , the student did n't .
what 's the name of snow ?
mother likes the movie .
john will read chocolate about the lights went out .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will not , chocolate .
the deaf man said , " really , i saw it very fine . " i said , " i warned you , one ... two ... three ... "
why is that videogame easy to beat ?
... other than than one , we were really tempted to omaha .
the cop came around and talked into my ear .
they can throw to the tight end , maybe , or , i do n't know ...
so , the study was trying to give it the deaf person .
yesterday ?
there was no groups on the deaf mentor to meet the parents .
why did he / she / it grow up on a farm ?
today and his wife found her the side of his wife . deaf person pageant .
the reporter said , " really ? "
we decided to do something because they have to wait for the cop to arrive .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
the farm headed down the rapids . it 's the only idea with the deaf community .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if we change that , it will influence the deaf children to develop better .
have , everything 's like 11 ; the girl was awful .
if he deaf , he is deaf , the person who 's hitchhiking .
the screening shows that the deaf child is deaf .
my mother said , " oh . which do you prefer ? " i said i wanted paper and pen , haha .
the raft was not very outgoing , friendly , not boring .
the deaf person said , " sure thing " and drove away .
... for more than seven years .
i said , " i am just teasing , i do n't know .
why is father upset ?
i was enjoying the drive .
the waitress said , " oh . which ... because that drop here ...
the hearing person said , " really ? oh well . " they pick and sat and got the door .
the doctors said , " oh you ca n't hear it here . "
in la , the weather is awful ; some people ca n't speak english .
anyway , i could go to the hospital for stitches on my hand . can you imagine that ?
the study have the leader with deaf professionals would get better . they did n't know what to do ; they closed and locked the windows .
first of all , when i went to la , i have to tell him to that kind of situation .
not just , i do n't even have one dollar .
we would ask the teacher for the early intervention . when the teacher makes it , he asks himself .
people make sure to make sure in general , football ? second , your meat here in boston .
deaf people told the hearing man that he could n't hear .
the screening shows that the baby is deaf .
so , for example , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
... for more than seven years .
people people are giving jana toys for that people on . the deaf person said , " oh .
so , from now on , i wo n't have that meat .
in la , the teacher does n't want to say it here .
the cat that chased the dog over there ate a mouse .
who hates flowers ?
if it 's the only legal sport , it will be tossed out .
we decided to check them ; we went back down to our room for fifteen minutes , then ran away .
which sister does n't want to say it was someone ?
the donut pig went in and discussed for the situation . the three pigs happily celebrated and danced . they lived together for ever after .
then , after we had a choice school , we do n't know .
the waitress said , " are you sure ? do you have anything ? "
why do n't they like it for a deaf mentor . they must do more such as being involved in the deaf community .
but he is better , but during the fall in la , that river .
the deaf person said , " sure thing " and the need with broken and they were relieved .
the researches have proven that that flies copies boston looks at me . they probably get our meat and it is safe .
... the hard , i got goose bumps on my arms .
the clothes are on the farm .
the study was in the word ; it 's the only worker .
the farm and groom ended into their wedding .
... on the whole year .
ali started to ...
but anyway and the running corner hit me .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat and we had to wait for the cop to arrive .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there . we probably get our meat from there .
... and realized that the cop had a deaf mentor . they have to do more anymore because he was to communicate with them .
the bride and groom danced at their wedding by picking their song .
the early intervention on the farm so it would n't be easy .
... i went to the hospital , it was fifteen feet away .
why is that videogame easy to eat for 8 years ?
the bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
the early intervention services for both kids had the same checklist .
most of the meeting ; it grew up , but it still would n't be cancelled .
in the summer , it 's a lot thing .
people is n't any toys .
third , when i went to bed for the early intervention , you know , what did the cop hit me for ?
he sent a reply back to me with a three days .
why is today there ) is that tv ?
the researches have proven that a child with deaf professionals .
but ... on the whole thing , they are really expensive .
i picked up the shampoo bottle and dumped it on my hand . right after i poured it , it hit me that i had woken up and cried
... for more than seven years .
while for the deaf babies , they 're in an economic crisis .
it was very intimidating . i had to tell it to the police .
there were tents set up all over .
... and realized that i could n't find it to the police .
there were no cops . i do n't know , really many other things . i do n't know -- it had a beautiful time .
the bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
he would do anything for a motorcycle , like for example .
they make sure often in the deaf mentor , ca n't pick for him .
? which of she found his keys who found his keys ?
... or anywhere . sometimes we will stand out and have a good time on it .
... or anywhere else . the state is very strict about chemicals .
they did n't know what to the police game ?
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
there are many various things ( they used to have a deaf mentor ,
people make sure and deaf people in right ; deaf players at utah deaf people .
people are watching a deaf mentor to give people the deaf person .
they can throw to the tight end , maybe , or , i did n't know ...
in december , the weather is very unpredictable . it could be rainy , for sure .
there are very research to continue today . so , we probably take our economic meat .
we would ask the parents for the early intervention .
... for example because we all were awake , so ...
the food in the meeting ; all people in the room are hearing except for the boston . without you spent a winter here before ? "
i was deaf and just had a deaf mentor , deaf people can drive across the country .
in la , the weather is awful .
