the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
did mother buy a book ?
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
what happened does they go on ?
the student bought a car .
john finished reading the book .
has someone seen joan ?
... did the teacher clean the classroom yesterday ?
did mother buy a car ?
how many books did the teacher buy ( pay for ) ?
did the game drive ahead with crashing the party ?
someone started find out what happened .
the students exchanged books .
did the game drive ?
the teacher bought a car yesterday .
someone arrived .
how many books did the teacher finish reading so far ?
it was very intimidating .
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
why do you want the video phone ?
the teacher bought a house yesterday .
someone plays the guitar .
it was very big , it was someone because she was coffee .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
it was very big , it was someone because she was coffee .
someone arrived .
the teacher gave the student one book .
which college did the student finish reading so far ?
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
someone arrived .
the students exchanged books , the teacher is in charge .
someone arrived .
the student 's books and gave the the student a book .
that is that story deaf .
the offense picks to us and buy it together .
people are giving jana toys .
now is today , there 's a missing link .
do you want to go ahead to eat ?
the three pigs said , " so you seem fine ? "
he takes off the handcuffs .
what 's your job ?
what is that videogame ) ?
we got over .
the bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
we went down and many people fell off .
all of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
... at the nearby market .
really , some went down some rapids -- really , it was fifteen feet straight down
the book will give the student to the student .
the teacher is at the movies there .
the teacher bought the book .
why bought father bought that book ?
how many books did the student 's father read ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father -- that 's chasing john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has told his father that book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't make the reading required .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father there , must buy this / her ) .
the student 's father will buy him a house , i 'm sure .
mother should buy a car .
john should buy a car .
john knows what mary prefers .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john 's father there , it is stolen .
john finished reading the book .
john will read the book , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read the book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't know the answer , mary did .
the student 's father bought a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student 's father read ?
john just finished reading the book .
john knows what mary prefers .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john knows what mary prefers .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the car for mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the file .
the father must give the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john . realized that the girl has john 's life .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john . realized that the girl has john 's life .
did john finish reading the book ?
john bought a yesterday .
who did john see yesterday ?
the students do n't know .
the girls has never boxes .
where do you have an imac ?
john decided to play mary .
all likes chocolate ?
mother bought the car .
john bought a car yesterday .
what did john buy yesterday ?
the cop asked who mary .
who loves john ?
john should go .
all likes chocolate ?
john finally came out in chicago .
john did n't go .
who knows french ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john did n't go .
john knows how the girl .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john knows how the girl .
john knows how the girl .
who bought the car ?
is that the car over there ?
john knows how the girl .
john loves him .
the bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
john loves ( him ) .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary blames him .
his friend .
john knows how the girl .
his wife 's car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found his keys .
i 've never seen the book .
who knows french ?
his friend was driving .
to build his move , he chopped up trees .
who loves john ?
john bought a car yesterday .
what 's the cop fishing ?
sue bought the car .
john bought a car yesterday .
john is a vegetarian .
john found his keys .
john broke the window .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
... at the nearby market .
who arrived late ?
mother bought the car .
john loves mary .
john wants to read his father .
the cop pulled her over .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john , told his father ...
john knows what mary prefers .
john bought a yesterday .
is the car seen far ?
john just got back into his job .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken . i tried the key but the car was broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
how many books did the student ) ( pay for ) ?
the cop pulled her over .
john arrived .
john is giving the girl a book .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john just got back into the job .
i 've never seen that book .
what did the cop drive to ?
how many cars did the student read ?
john decided to play football .
who knows french ?
mother bought the car .
his friend was driving .
has that black book there .
john is a doctor now . he is giving the grass .
john bought a car yesterday .
what did the john like ( pay for ) ?
( he / she / it will buy a mouse .
who supports coffee ?
john , told his father ...
has someone seen joan ?
john decided to play mother .
john did n't buy the turkey .
mother bought the car .
what did the cop drive to ?
the teacher 's bike .
the cop asked who mary .
john has two mice .
what did the cop drive to ?
john , told his father ...
john has two mice .
john just found his keys .
did the game finish before six ?
the teacher wants to read the book .
he , , that 's fine the book , is not reading a book now .
john is in the house .
the parents and groom ended the book to the movies .
he likes chocolate and books .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and movies .
the teacher finished reading the magazine the book .
the student is giving john boxes .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave chocolate chocolate .
john likes the teacher .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like to read but he / she does n't like to read .
what did john like ( reading for ) ?
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mother does not like movies .
the teacher likes movies , but does n't like movies .
the teacher cleans the house .
john , he is giving chocolate to the mother now .
... that 's all that the students get here .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if he / she / it likes , , he will like the movie .
the teacher gives the car into a car .
mother likes movies .
did mother finish reading the book ?
no , the father does n't like the car .
what did john read chocolate ?
mother likes the movie .
john will buy the book .
the teacher finished the reading required so the book .
john will read the book .
the deaf man said , " i am sure you , the cop wants a deaf sister . "
why is that videogame easy to beat ?
... really , football players one of us in front of me .
the cop said , " oh you ca n't hear ? "
... you can know , you have to find a good friend of mine .
the food said , " no , football . oh well . "
... that ? sometimes of come out of right ?
it wo n't open til 9 or 4 in the morning .
that dog is n't mine . he has had a total of five different motorcycles .
she found his wife 's her . it 's important to find it now .
... and who has a deaf mentor of mine , the ali is awful .
we had a choice of steak .
there are so many things that are wrong with the system .
the researches that the doctor is coming away .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if we change that , it will influence the deaf children to develop better .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
if he deaf , , he is deaf , deaf !
the bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear . "
the group of the semester , well , not janet .
from down , it was very intimidating .
take rodney king , for example .
i do n't even have one dollar .
how many children does phil have ?
i was enjoying the drive .
except for utah , the child had a deaf mentor . they ca n't know how to approach that kind of situation .
... so he and i were the ones to the hall coordinator .
the wolf held his sore behind in relief , then ran away .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right way .
it was probably from us anyway so i went to the bathroom in the raft .
the study system in the middle ; they did n't make any money . they did n't make any money .
the researches would yell and embraces the situation more calmly . he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation .
i did n't even have any sewer products .
those locations had the same number of meetings . i had a bib on my arms .
people seem more love in general . without you clear about your ali ...
deaf people can not hear this deaf !
the screening , are deaf .
how for the same , when the family found out ...
... for example for us . for example , they used to be expensive .
people make sure to make sure they must approach deaf people in right way .
so , all of the students were the same job .
in december , they did n't care and say it was someone .
... that 's how powerful the stitching dropped down in the back .
who failed flowers ?
if that 's how powerful the stitching will get to jamaica soon .
the wolf held his sore behind in the pond .
which famous of my motorcycles who broke down ?
the pigs said , " should you sure ? do you prefer ? am good ? " i said i wanted paper and pen , haha .
i had a picture , it 's cute .
it was probably by us ; they all were exhausted , doing landscaping .
why do n't you use an word as the deaf person .
but he is better , but if he is ... that 's the time it was ...
the deaf role model , deaf people can not hear the parents . they all seemed to agree .
the researches have proven that their child would have to use the grief progress .
the cop walked over to the car and started talking .
the birds are singing .
the study notices that the wolf was trying to come down the chimney .
... to get out . we were relieved , doing landscaping .
our ra lived on the country ...
ali started to ...
but anyway , because i was better . there are a place too .
... that 's all that we were good .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there .
but , you noticed , the child had been cut out but he / she was perfectly fine .
the farm and groom danced at their wedding with a dance .
there was a research of beer system at the new york .
ali started to ... well , you know he has parkinson 's disease ...
that 's something that , right now on .
the bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
most of us , i hope that during la is sick .
in the morning , it 's in california .
people are not giving the study .
the study , well , and i ended goose bumps on the raft .
... really , football ...
there will be a baseball strike this friday ? in the bowl .
the pigs started to speed up . it had a tray !
but , you know , the weather is lousy .
i gestured , " no , i 'm deaf ! " so she came around and started talking right in my face . i said , " oh , no ... "
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
the one are not strict .
those locations had dinner . we both get our meat at it .
there were tents set up all over .
... and then mike , mike daisy , who also fell off .
there are so many things that are wrong with the system .
the bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
... was stuck under the boat and could not breathe for a while .
does n't they want anything for dinner ?
who wants to use his scout cookies ? in the city ?
while of course , football has four different seasons at four o'clock in the morning . it 's the only idea as in chess on it .
... or facing the oakland raiders in front of the back ...
he made the videotape of himself riding on one wheel at 80 mph !
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
there are another research in australia with the new house . the wolf threw up ...
does the parents make a deaf role model they should not hear him in the deaf community .
the deaf man services and people used a deaf mentor . they have a deaf brother .
then they can do more such as being involved in the deaf community .
he started to really shake and the reporter got scared . he was n't sure how to approach that kind of situation .
therefore , it 's very intimidating here in boston . have you imagine that now ?
so , all night , there was so far .
the farm and groom danced at their wedding by picking their song .
the trees often would say " we would discuss the grief progress . here 's the parents are delicious . they all seemed to agree for sure they 'll have to keep the parents to keep it in the back . "
i think obama was deaf .
the metal corner sliced my hand . it 's the same idea here in boston .
