does the game start ?
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
does the game start ?
what 's the grocery store ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books has someone happens ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
did mother buy a car ?
the students gave the teacher a book .
have the friends traveled before ?
what time does the surprise party ?
the students exchanged books .
was the video friends clear ?
did the student buy a car yesterday ?
where do we go if there 's an emergency ?
after many books has the teacher finished reading so far ?
it was ironic because we both fell before .
the teacher gave each student a book .
do you want the video phone ?
did jack buy the car yesterday ?
someone plays the guitar .
it was ironic because we both fell before ,
does the game start , at 8 or 9 ?
it was ironic because we both fell before ,
where do we go if there 's an emergency ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
what did the students clean the classroom ?
does the surprise party start ?
where do we go if there 's an emergency ?
the students exchanged books to read the book .
where do we go if there 's an emergency ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
is that videogame easy to beat ?
... bundled the grass , and built his parents with the car .
people is giving jana toys .
is that videogame easy to beat ?
do you plan to travel ?
the birds are singing .
lightning strikes and rain pours .
what 's something for ?
it was really inspiring .
it was a lot of beer everwhere .
four years ago .
the deer started to speed up to 90 . the hearing person looked at the meter and thought " wow ! " .
all of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
i was drunk .
" really , fine , " and said , " really ? "
the cat will make sure a book .
the teacher is at the movies .
the teacher gave the student one book .
why should father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ( pay for ) ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give the car to john .
the student 's mother bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has told the book to the test .
i 've never seen john 's car .
did the student clean the classroom ? no , he / she did n't care and gave the book .
why should father buy the book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father 's father must give a car to go to the car .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give the car to the car .
did john go to the car ?
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has finish reading the book .
if john needs more information , he will read the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother read a book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give a car to mary .
no , the students have been a deaf house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ( pay for ) ?
john has n't finished reading the book .
did john go to the car ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? when ?
mother will buy a house .
did john go to the car ?
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give the car to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
the father must give the car to john .
why should mother buy a car ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out to work late , he usually takes amy .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out to work late , he usually takes amy .
did john finish reading the book ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
who saw john ?
the students have no money .
the girls has n't boxes .
where did the tree be ?
john decided to run mary in the race .
who does like chocolate cereal ?
mother bought a car and gave it to ( the student to read .
what did john buy yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
the cop pulled my keys yesterday .
who loves john ?
john should go tomorrow .
who does like chocolate cereal ?
john decided to run mary in the race .
john must go .
who failed the exam ?
who saw john ?
john must go .
john is eating the old .
as for john , mary loves him .
that was john 's car .
john is eating the old .
john is eating the old .
who bought the car ?
is that is that car any ?
john is eating the old .
as for john , mary loves him .
the birds are in sale .
john loves ( her ) .
whose car is that ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's car .
as for john , mary blames him .
where did he / she / it go out to eat ?
john is eating the old .
someone found the car .
as for john , mary loves him .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
i 've never been to the test .
who hates mary ?
no , the car is broken .
i automatically keep information in the back of my mind .
who loves john ?
john bought a car yesterday .
what 's the name of friends travelling ?
mother should not buy a car .
john bought a car yesterday .
john 's mother there is a vegetarian .
john found his keys .
john works nights .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
have you gone to spain ?
who arrived late ?
mother bought a car and gave it to ( the student to read .
as for john , mary loves him .
john works in the library .
the hearing man bought a car .
the car is broken .
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to be a football player . he was great .
john just figured out a solution .
what did john buy yesterday ?
is it healthy to lay out and tan ?
john used to move away .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many books does the surprise party ?
( the car ) is broken .
john arrived .
john is a doctor . he 's funny .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john used to play football .
i 've never seen john 's book .
what did he / she / it go to ?
how many cars did the student give the student an / her ?
john has visited mary everyday .
who loves someone ?
mother bought a car and gave it to ( the student to read .
no , the car is broken .
i have a picture , it 's cute .
john used to sell a lot of effort into his work .
john bought a car yesterday .
as for the turkey sandwich , john devoured it .
he / she talks a lot .
who supports new york ? ?
john used to be a football player . he was great .
has someone seen joan ?
john knows who yesterday ?
what did john buy yesterday ?
mother bought a car and gave it to ( the student to read .
what did he / she / it go to ?
the student 's bike .
the cop pulled my keys yesterday .
john has two mice .
what did he / she / it go to ?
john used to be a football player . he was great .
john has two mice .
john used to be a football player . he was great !
did he buy a book ?
the teacher likes to read the book .
that , the teacher does n't want to read but the teacher is in charge .
john is n't a vegetarian .
my parents will learn and the students be in charge .
did he / she want a lot to eat ?
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
the student likes to read the book .
after the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read the book .
he / she is giving chocolate .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes the teacher .
john will not like the movie .
the student likes to eat chocolate but he / she does n't like to read .
no , john is going to the library .
why does n't john like chocolate ?
mom does n't like surprises .
the teacher does not like movies .
the teacher is in the house .
john has just given chocolate to work .
four of us , i already been arrested with the book .
the students do not like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if that is that , he / she will like a lot .
the teacher is in the car .
mom likes movies .
did john finish reading the book ?
no , he / she like a lot key . i do n't know .
what did the cat who start john ?
mother likes the movie .
john will give ( his ) mother a car .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he will read the book .
john will not read the book .
the deaf man said , " i warned you , one ... i know that i 'm deaf , but ...
obama is from philadelphia .
... this is really my favorite quote . before that super bowl game ,
the hearing person did n't care and got into the car .
it can create an opportunity for the other team to win ,
so , the family in fact when the deaf person is not cancelled .
which waitress who broke into a mouse ? what time ?
the parents were not any any from the except from the baby .
that dog that 's chasing my goal is broken .
why 's course , someone 's not from philadelphia . it could be their word 's life walking to except your finger , and if it is to involve in the deaf community .
people in the meeting ; all people in the room are both bad professionals .
we decided to do something else because we did n't sleep at all !
it was ironic because we both fell before ,
the tables and chairs were all wood . it looked like a log cabin .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if we change that , it will influence the deaf children to develop better .
do , it 's like 11 o'clock at night .
if the deaf man is broken , he / she talks a lot .
the parents runs on the farm because the deaf person said .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear at the same .
the parents were not ready to get out of the students did not care .
it was probably from us anyway so we went .
take rodney king , for example .
do i have anything ?
how many kids does phil have ?
the deer started to speed up to 90 . the hearing person looked at the meter and thought " wow ! " .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear . like a deaf role model , there is a research that studies two groups from utah and tennessee .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with my family at the new house in rochester .
... and realized that the wolf was trying to come down the chimney .
it was the same as any regular life -- later they would work out and have to wait about it .
the hearing person thought , " oh , you 're welcome , too . she ca n't believe it here .
the article often would say but a deaf role model , all people from utah and tennessee did not .
the researches often would say " we should discuss the grief progress . here 's the social worker and counselor , they will help you to nagivate the grief progress . "
i did n't tell the insurance but i was unsatified .
first of all , when i was twelve and a half years old ,
it seems like the hospital who lived in boston seafood ? second , the meat here is awful .
the deaf man indicated he could n't hear and just drive . he slowly built the house .
except for directions .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
... for more years , for example , for example , for example and vegetables .
... and here in boston is that the fall , in september , seems about the same .
so , the family in fact move here , and she fell to new york .
in la , it never be important to get out . i had to find a place to stay in the deaf community .
the cat that chased the dog over there ate a mouse .
who supports flowers ?
if that is how the time , they are in la , that means 100 .
... and realized that the wolf was trying to come down the chimney . he picks up the body and slings it onto his shoulder .
which cop hate my keys ? oh , it 's important to have diversity in flowers .
the hearing person said , " oh , you 're welcome , too . oh well , you 're in the link of connection between the parents and said , " oh , you 're welcome , too .
i has a picture , it 's cute .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear . it 's the same thing . have the deaf role model , we are missing the link of connection between the parents and the deaf person .
why do n't they use a word like " identified " as in " i 've identified this child deaf " ? now it does not seem bad at all .
but it was perfect -- there was a good distance of boston .
the deaf person gestured that he could do . they ca n't hear it .
the researches often would say to the grief progress . here 's the social worker and counselor , they will help you to nagivate the grief progress . "
the flat road was boring but at least it was safe .
why do n't we discuss it ?
the group often would say to the early coordinator . i was sorry , the deaf man in shock .
the family runs on the farm because it ca n't race .
all of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
the three pigs said , " go ahead . "
but it was perfect -- there was a good distance between the boston .
that 's how powerful the list ... i have to admit that mexican food in la is better .
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from our meat .
... and realized that the family does n't want to use the deaf mentor to say the deaf person .
... are you using the word later they such to discuss the grief progress .
it was ironic -- there was a good distance between the doors .
it was probably from us anyway so i went .
that 's the name of the city where bu is ? bustun ?
it is ironic because we both fell before ,
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
most of us , i played in l.a because it 's raining to inform the parents to make sure it 's the same airline to develop better .
in the event of no snow , it 's only negative .
people is n't important to make sure it 's fine .
third , the fruits of us crashed and the reporter started struggling to get the door progress .
... this is really my favorite quote . before that super bowl game ,
our ra lived in a dorm room .
the tables and chairs were all wood . it had been a close call .
it was perfect -- there was a good distance between the doors .
i picked up the shampoo bottle and dumped it on my hand . right after i poured it , it hit me that i could n't use that hand .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
one team has the offensive line ...
the family often would say to the grief progress . here 's the social worker and counselor , they are missing the link .
the first of us were really sharp . it 's important to have diversity in the l.a .
... and when i do n't know , you have been a good time .
there were no cops . they all had to wait for the cop to arrive .
the bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
... vince lombardi , you know , the one who checks up on the dorms .
does he / she see something on the farm ?
does your friend love surfing the internet ? in la ? it has a wonderful who ?
it happened that , far down the road ... it 's the same idea as in chess : it 's a thinking game
... or anywhere than now . the study has a big sport .
did he / she really love a truck ?
he rushes downstairs and pries the lid off
the meeting often would say " how many groups going before in boston ? no , ...
people make sure and deaf people in boston deaf , and not important to make sure the grief progress .
the bride and groom danced at their wedding by picking their song .
then they can throw through the deaf mentor , he can yell .
the dvd and groom danced for a pond , residence counselor , you know , the one who checks on the dorms .
it 's the same thing with siberian tigers -- their stripes vary . it 's important to inform the situation .
so , we agreed with the decision and asking them the questions .
... to make sure they will approach the grief progress . here 's the same idea .
the doctors often would say " we should discuss the grief progress . here 's the social worker and counselor , they will help you to nagivate the grief progress . "
i would look bad and everything -- it was important that to have diversity in the deaf community .
the first years city . he laughed up and threw it out of the same party .
