bob has a big dog .
did mother buy a book yesterday ?
bob has a big dog .
what happened does she hit ?
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
someone found the books .
the teacher gave his student to buy the book .
has mother bought a car yesterday ?
the teacher gave out the student to read a book .
have the friends traveled before ?
what kind of party is it ?
the students has been in the house there .
have the friends traveled before ?
did the student buy a house yesterday ?
has someone seen joan ?
after the teacher finished reading the book , he gave it to the student .
when someone finds out we decided to stop rowing .
the teacher gave each of the students one book .
why are he / she / it doing in california ?
did mother buy a house yesterday ?
where are the video store ?
the sun sets , and decided to figure it together .
the cop walked over and started talking .
the sun sets , and decided to figure it together .
has someone seen joan ?
the students gave each of the students a book .
what did the student finish reading so far ?
does the party start , at 8 or 9 ?
has someone seen joan ?
the students exchanged books , gave the teacher a book .
has someone seen joan ?
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
does the cat that chases the mouse drink water ?
there were eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
people are giving jana toys .
... that 's no snow at night .
he said " go ahead and build your homes " .
the birds are singing .
" nah , i 've decided to take off . "
what 's something kind of party is it ?
really , it was fine .
there was no waiters .
there used to be a big interpreter .
he walks upstairs and goes to sleep .
all of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
... at the nearby market .
a doctor came in , he was new and had just joined the staff .
the cat will give his student a book .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
he / she did n't buy a book .
why should father buy that book ?
how many books did the student buy ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john to john .
the student 's father bought a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has told her about the book .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't make to read a book .
why should father buy that book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must give him to buy a car .
the student 's father will buy him to a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
that book , john finished reading the book .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car .
john has finished reading the book .
john will finish reading the book .
how many books will john buy ?
will mother give that the book ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give him to the car .
the student 's father must buy a house .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books did the student buy ?
john has not yet finished reading the book .
john did n't buy the turkey .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john did n't buy the turkey .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires john to do it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john must give ( his ) father a car .
after books , john finished reading the book .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
you have to give the car to john ?
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
john . when john finds out mary will stop rowing .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
john . when john finds out mary will stop rowing .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
who saw john ?
the students do n't like chocolate .
does the students have money ?
where did the tree be ?
john is giving the girl boxes .
who likes chocolate ?
sue is going to buy a car .
john did n't buy the turkey .
what did john buy yesterday ?
" the cop said , " are you sure ? "
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate ?
john did n't know anyone was john .
john must go .
who failed mary ?
who saw john ?
john must go .
john is eating the girl .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that was john 's car .
john is eating the girl .
john is eating the girl .
whose car is that ?
is that she on the car ?
john is eating the girl .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
many people are giving jana toys .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
whose car is that ?
that car there is john 's father 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's car .
as for john , mary blames him .
why did he / she / it go out to eat ?
john is eating the girl .
his mother found a car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone bought the car .
i have to take the test again .
who failed mary ?
no , his car is broken .
to build his keys , he chopped up trees .
who loves john ?
john bought a girl yesterday and gave it to ( his ) mother .
what kind of party is it ?
sue should not bought a car .
john bought a girl yesterday and gave it to ( his ) mother .
john is n't a vegetarian .
john found his keys .
john works nights .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
have the clothes on sale ?
who arrived late ?
sue is going to buy a car .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
john has reading the book .
the cop pulled her of car .
yes , the car is broken .
john likes mary .
john used to play books .
john found his keys .
john did n't buy the turkey .
is someone seen joan ?
john used to sell his keys .
who did john see yesterday ?
when he / she / it is going to the store .
who loves john ?
what did john see yesterday ?
how many books does phil have ?
the car did n't breakdown .
john arrived .
john is a doctor , he got into an accident .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john was just able to finish his job .
i 've never been to the test .
what did he / she / it visit yesterday at the store ?
did the student buy a house ?
john see mary and went mary .
who is planning to surprise bob .
sue is going to buy a car .
no , his car is broken .
i have a picture , it 's cute .
john is a doctor , he got into an accident with another car .
john bought a girl yesterday and gave it to ( his ) mother .
as for the turkey sandwich , john loves cookies .
he / she really finished reading .
who supports new york ? ?
john used to play books .
has someone seen joan ?
who did john see yesterday ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
sue is going to buy a car .
what did he / she / it visit yesterday at the store ?
the sun is shining .
" the cop said , " are you sure ? "
john has n't found his keys .
what did he / she / it visit yesterday at the store ?
john used to play books .
john finally found his keys .
john used to play football .
then , will he buy a house ?
the teacher likes to read the book .
he , does n't want to buy a book , he / she is read a book .
john is in the house there right now .
if you spell like the book , he will read and he / she is perfectly fine .
he / she can buy a house . he / she is guilty .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
he likes books and books .
the teacher finished reading the magazine so now she is going to read a book .
john is giving the mother boxes .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes the teacher .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate cereal .
what did he / she / it like yesterday at the store ?
john does n't like chocolate cereal .
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes , like the movie like no .
the teacher has been in the house there right now .
john has n't chocolate chocolate .
then they would give the teacher to the test .
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if he / she / it will like a book , will he ?
the teacher is in the house .
mother likes the movie .
has john finished reading the book ?
no , john likes cars , not like the car .
the cat ate john , gave him to read .
mother likes the teacher .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read the book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the wolf said , " i warned you , one ... two ... three ... "
why is father upset ?
there were tents set up all over .
the cop said , " are you sure ? do you prefer ? "
it can create an opportunity for the other team to win , we would have lost it .
the waitress said , " both ? oh well . "
yesterday ?
it was probably from us to show the parents to make sure it is .
that car was really hard . you know he has parkinson 's disease ...
she would stop rowing and usually fell into his victim 's her soon . they ca n't know how to approach he is ready . but ...
... that ? no , right now we 're in an economic crisis .
we have a leader that sat at the back of the back .
there are many things that are playing in the garden .
people are disappointed , but during the fall in la , the weather is really unpredictable .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if there 's no snow , right now .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
if he is a baby , he / she is cancelled .
the parents will learn and he / she is perfectly fine .
the pig looked at my finger and said , " really ? oh well . "
the same pig was n't worth the house , but the kids said , " are you sure ? "
the waitress said , " we ca n't hear here . "
to take rodney king , for example .
i have no heard of that kind of situation .
there are so many things to eat for ?
i was enjoying the drive .
that 's so typical of wymoning .
he had a leader that sat at the house . he and his brother asked themselves what they should do . they sat down and got ready .
the first of his tended were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
in la , the service is awful ; some people ca n't speak english .
so anyway , i went in the shower -- i had put two bags on my hand . can you imagine that ?
the study have proven that a child with a deaf mentor , the hearing person said , " are you sure ? do you have anything ? "
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor , while the group from churning all around us .
i 'm not sure if i ate nuts but i did n't care .
first of all , when i was twelve and a half years old , after six and a half years in all , my father found out that he would have to move away again
people would find out who used to have to have a deaf mentor , make sure something ? "
deaf people said , " are you sure ? do you want anything else ? " i said , " nah , i 've decided to take off . "
the student will give him a ticket .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
... for rodney king , for example . for example , for example .
there are many different number , friendly , and people mingling .
so , from now on , i have to admit that mexican food was .
in the morning , where did they hit me ?
there 's no set in interesting soon .
who failed the exam ?
if you plan on and vegetables ?
there are eight of us in the raft , and both people in front had to be hearing .
no , who told my men , who ...
the first thing the doctor and nurse would say to the parents would be " i am sorry . "
i have many things to do .
the waitress said , " are you sure ? do you use ? " i said i wanted paper and pen , haha .
why do n't they use a word like " identified " as in " i 've identified this child deaf " . now ...
but he spit up the water . one thing she is n't deaf .
the deaf person said , " are you sure ? do you have any such ? i have a deaf community .
here ( in boston ) , they have good service , well -- not communicate .
the first of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
why are you upset ?
the study was going around 20 mph . it was a good time . i have to find the important to stay and have the flowers .
while they were getting ready to find out that silber had become president .
they had dinner , three years ago .
then they were ready ready to figure out what happened .
but anyway , the weather is really unpredictable . " all ... " i do n't know . "
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there .
really , overall , there 's a missing link . we probably get our meat from there .
the first thing that he should have to deaf professionals had a deaf mentor , while the group from tennessee did not .
they would stop problems for our ra , residence counselor , you know , the one who checks up on the dorms .
the next year , well , not again .
he sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence : " what is a cop ? "
that ? no , right now we 're in an economic crisis .
... to make sure they will approach deaf people in right way .
it was ironic because we both fell before ,
most of the same , today , wow , i used to have paper and pen .
in the event , when i was four or five years old ,
people are giving jana toys .
there were eight of us in the meeting , and both people in front had to be hearing .
really , it is really inspiring . it involves many things :
after his morning , we were sleeping , right now on now .
the first of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
but in the la , they were sitting , they were in the garden .
in la , the weather is really unpredictable . it 's ironic that us two stayed in la , and that kind of time .
... and here in the early intervention , they are giving jana toys .
while for the deaf babies , they are not any of them .
it would be flooding . if they dislike everything , we all screamed and hid , each in his own house .
there was a lot of beer everwhere , and people fell before , he was willing ...
there were eight of us in the summer , only one people would n't stop again .
there were no cops . they all were awake , but hey .
for example , they used different words for each group while asking them the questions .
... was stuck under the boat and could not breathe for a while .
... from his motorcycles , what did he hit me for ?
? what makes she buy ?
it happened that far on my finger . can you imagine that ?
they will stop and make sure it is more than seven years .
he is going to the baseball game .
he pries open each corner .
the first group were stolen , make sure you have everything ready -- make sure they 're ready before before ?
deaf people , make sure they have deaf people , deaf people can not hear him in people .
the deaf person said , " are you sure ? in la ? ... one ... one ... one ... one ...
he could do anything for a motorcycle , like for example , he ran in the deaf community .
the first years in california , the weather is really unpredictable . it could be rainy , hot , cold or cool .
it would be flooding , hot , cold or cool .
so , we agreed with the early intervention
the ra would yell for a while , you have to find the grief progress .
the first thing the doctor and nurse would say to use the parents to make sure they 're comfortable , but ... i said
i was like , deaf or four years old .
the waitress said , " are you sure ? " he asks himself .
