bob took a big dog .
did mother buy a book ?
bob took a big dog .
it was ironic because we both fell before ,
the student bought a car yesterday .
john finished reading the book .
how many books has someone read ?
the teacher gave out the answers to the test .
did mother buy a car ?
the teacher gave each student a book .
have the friends traveled before ?
where do you plan to travel ?
the students exchanged books .
is the video phone clear ?
did the teacher buy a book yesterday ?
when it snows , school is cancelled .
after the movie ends , john finished reading the book .
when it happens to rain , the lights will go out .
the teacher gave each student a book .
do you want to travel ?
did mother buy a house ?
where did you graduate high school ?
the hearing person will realize and usually problems for a while .
the siren flashed and the two cars pulled over .
the hearing person will realize and usually problems for a while .
when it snows , school is cancelled .
the students contributed money to give the teacher a book .
what did the students clean for ?
the sun sets , and just at dawn again
when it snows , school is cancelled .
the students exchanged books to read the book .
when it snows , school is cancelled .
each of the students gave the teacher a book .
that is that for the video phone ?
the cop lived on the fire and it grew .
people are giving jana toys .
is that videogame easy to beat ?
the hearing person said " you seem fine , " he said .
the first pigs is lousy .
lightning strikes and rain pours . a storm is whipping up .
what is that for ?
this is the story of the three pigs .
the box is small .
it was ironic because we both fell before ,
the hearing man started to get nervous and kept looking at the speedometer .
all of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
was the video phone clear ?
the reporter said , " i am just teasing , do n't worry ! "
the students will give him a book and buying him for a while now .
the teacher is in the small now .
the teacher gave the teacher one book .
why should father buy that book ?
how many books does phil have ?
mother does not want to buy a house .
father must give john 's car .
the student 's father 's buy a house .
mother will buy a house .
john has going to the library to read a magazine .
i 've never seen john 's car .
the student did n't make the reading required . he was great .
why should father buy a book ?
what did john read a book about ?
if john reads the book , he will know more about lincoln 's life .
mary 's father must give him to the car .
the student 's father will buy him a house .
mother should buy a car .
john should give ( his ) father a car .
john never started to buy the turkey .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
the student 's mother bought a car .
john will give ( his ) father a car for john .
john has finished reading the book .
john will read the book .
who prefers to read the book ?
will mother read a book later ?
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give the car to mary .
the student there is funny .
what did john read a book about ?
after class , john finished reading the book .
how many books does phil have ?
john just finished reading the book .
john never started to buy the turkey .
when did john finish reading the book ?
did john read the book ? yes , he did .
mother will buy a house .
john never started to buy the turkey .
why should mother buy a car ?
if the teacher requires it , john will read the book .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
when did john finish reading the book ?
john 's father must give the car to mary .
that book , john finished reading it yesterday .
mother will buy a house .
when will john finish reading the book ?
john has deleted the book .
father have to give the the car to john .
mother should not have bought a car .
mother does not want to buy a house .
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
mother will buy a house .
did john finish reading the book ?
when john finds out there will be a test , he will panic and be compelled to read the book .
did john finish reading the book ?
john did n't buy the turkey .
who saw mary ?
the students do n't have any money .
bob has a big dog .
wolf arrived .
john is giving the girls boxes .
who likes chocolate cereal ?
mother bought a car .
john bought a new house .
what did john buy yesterday ?
where do you plan to travel ?
who loves john ?
john should go .
who likes chocolate cereal ?
john just came in chicago .
john works nights .
who failed mary ?
who saw mary ?
john works nights .
john is a doctor .
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
john is a doctor .
john is a doctor .
who bought the flowers ?
is that for that movie ?
john is a doctor .
as for john , mary loves him .
the classes are in sale .
john thinks mary loves ( him ) .
who is liz 's car ?
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's 's car .
that ( right over there ) is john 's father 's 's car .
as for john , mary blames him .
where do he / she / it doing in california ?
john is a doctor .
where is he / she / it doing in california ?
john loves mary .
that was john 's car .
who arrived ?
someone found the car .
i 've never been reading the book .
who failed mary ?
which ( the hearing man .
where do you start travelling ?
who loves john ?
john bought a new friend .
what time does the surprise party ?
mother should buy a car .
john bought a new friend .
john is a vegetarian .
john just asked .
john watches tv everyday .
who did john see yesterday ?
who arrived late ?
... at the nearby market .
who arrived late ?
mother bought a car .
john loves frank .
john is reading a book .
which for directions .
whose car is that ?
as for john , he likes mary .
john used to books in the future .
john just figured out a solution .
john did n't buy the turkey .
someone is giving the girls boxes .
john just figured out a solution .
who did john see yesterday ?
the car is broken .
who loves john ?
who did john see yesterday ?
how many books does phil have ?
the hearing man was shocked the car broke .
john arrived .
john is giving the books to read a magazine .
john finished reading the book .
who loves john ?
john just finished his work : the lights went out . he 's lucky .
i 've never finished reading the book .
what did he / she / it go to the store ?
how many books has the students read ?
john has visited mary .
who loves bill ?
mother bought a car .
which ( the hearing man .
i do n't have an book .
john is a movie .
john bought a new friend .
as for the turkey sandwich , john broke the truck .
i have a picture , it 's fine .
who failed the exam ?
john used to books in the future .
has someone seen joan ?
as for john 's mother , who was it ?
john bought a new house .
mother bought a car .
what did he / she / it go to the store ?
the students will give him a ticket .
where do you plan to travel ?
john has two mice .
what did he / she / it go to the store ?
john used to books in the future .
john has two mice .
john used to hit the sack .
did he buy a book ?
the teacher likes been reading the book .
that is the reading book to read the book because the teacher is in charge .
john is giving a reading now .
my parents is giving and buying him books for a while now .
he likes to read the book .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
the teacher likes chocolate .
the teacher is in the house there right now .
how many cars did john give the teacher ?
the student likes chocolate .
father likes books and books .
the teacher has been reading a book and is now watching a movie .
sue is giving the girls boxes .
the teacher likes chocolate .
mother gave john chocolate yesterday .
john likes cars and books .
john will not like the movie .
the student does n't like chocolate but does n't like books .
what did john buy about car ?
john prefers n't chocolate cereal .
mother does not like the movie .
the teacher likes books , but does n't like movies .
the teacher has been in a house ...
john is giving chocolate to chocolate .
that time , have the teacher any book ?
the students do n't like chocolate .
john should n't buy a house .
the teacher is not in the house .
if that is eat the book , he will eat the book .
the teacher is in the car .
mother likes movies .
did you mow the lawn ?
no , will he / she like a party ? no , he did not .
what did john read a book about john ? no , he did not .
mother likes that book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
when the teacher finishes reading the magazine , he / she will read a book .
john will give ( his ) mother chocolate .
the deaf man said , " you seem fine , i am deaf ! " but , the deaf man said .
why is father upset to beat ?
it sent a reply back to me with one simple sentence :
the cop said , " oh you ca n't hear ? " .
it can create an opportunity for the other team to win ,
how the mouse , how done ? no , football ? no , football when that is the only legal sport . no , football when the glass is not broken at all .
my mother wants to be surfing the internet because he uses google chrome and it is fast .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear .
that dog that dog that chased the language is broken .
today , which person is coming to the hospital because it 's only anniversary today .
people seems and laboriously laid the bricks ; they both fell together and tan ?
we decided to do something else .
that makes it to seem like an opportunity on the system .
the dvd that the baby is lousy costs in la .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link . if we change that , it will influence the deaf children to develop better .
the fire began to burn the wolf 's tail . the wolf threw himself , and he started climbing . the three pigs stopped celebrating hard
if a deaf child does n't have a deaf mentor if he is deaf .
the early intervention that he is n't lousy president .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear . that 's all for that ...
the third pig was better and mike daisy , not janet , not janet .
the waitress said , " oh , which means be intervening . "
... for more than seven years .
i do n't know what to do , i 'll have him call you .
how many kids has the video phone ?
the deer started to speed up to 90 . the person looked at the meter and thought " wow ! " .
except for utah group , the child had a deaf mentor often perform better . there is a research that studies two groups from utah and tennessee .
so , the family in fact move here , and i took the opportunity to move in and live with the roof .
the first pig said , " go ahead sleep " as he drove .
in la , the air is farther away .
the reporter will realize and embraces the situation with a deaf mentor to meet the parents .
the study often would say and embraces the situation more calmly . they did n't have any sewer opportunities involved .
the researches would realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model where you can hit someone that hard and not get fined for it .
i do n't even have any money , well , not janet .
first of all , the teacher had to give the the situation to arrive .
people seem closed and laboriously laid the reporter ; they wrote and embraces the situation more calmly . they wrote that their child is deaf .
deaf people , deaf people will learn and the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear .
the mother will give him a ticket .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
... for more years , for example . for example , for example , for example .
people is important to find people in the deaf mentor ,
so , the family in fact move here , and he stitched it .
in the meeting ; who goes to ... it 's something and feels intervening . it is n't sure , it 's fine .
the cat that chased the dog over there ate a mouse .
who failed the exam ?
will will ask the move to the early phone .
the wolf held his sore behind in relief , then ran away . the three pigs happily celebrated and danced . they lived together for ever .
which sister does n't use president silber because he loves coffee .
the first pigs went in , the wolf had been living where they were for more than seven years old , so i went to the bathroom in the public .
there has many different things .
the hearing person gestured that he could n't hear at the deaf mentor .
why do you have an word show the parents in the deaf mentor , they are probably of them .
but it did n't decorate a whole lot , either , it was better for the family to move in and live with the way for the family at the new house in rochester .
the deaf person gestured that he could n't hear . they have to do more such as being involved in the deaf community .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor to meet the parents .
the dvd that netflix sent me was all scratched up .
why do you have an imac ?
the study notices how the hit group ; the glass is deaf .
the farm and groom danced at their wedding with a dance .
all of us were shocked to find out that silber had become president .
the three pigs said , " no , we 'll see about that . go ahead -- try . "
but anyway , the weather is really unpredictable . it looked like it .
that 's how powerful the language is that ?
that 's so typical of wymoning . we probably get our meat from there .
the researches that chased the whole behind utah ; they all screamed and hid , each in his own house .
the family would go to the hospital because it 's the only thing .
the early intervention services for both groups had the same checklist .
it started to really shake and the reporter got scared . he was n't sure ...
that 's something that we found out that i had become deaf .
the article and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
it was ironic because we both fell before ,
most year , it is perfect because i got drinking moving to the new york in home .
is that videogame easy to beat ?
people are n't any video word .
third , the fruits and vegetables in california taste fresher , since i grow in california ...
really , all the way through nebraska ...
my ra just crashed a few injections .
the farm system for sheep . all of the shaking ...
the wolf went to the movie but , it 's cute for us .
now that i picked to get in an email because we ca n't give it an italian name .
... and another guy , mike daisy , who also fell off .
if it 's snowing out , then school is n't cancelled .
the study went in and discussed what to do ; they closed and locked the windows .
people were tents set up one of the options . one family can choose to sign it is fine .
... and when that weather was done , further home , would come again and waited .
there were no cops . they all sat down there .
the bride and groom ended their wedding with a dance .
the reporter said , " oh , you 're welcome , too . she said .
the deaf man said , more you can ask the parents for the deaf mentor .
who makes sense ?
it was very intimidating . it involves many things : they lived on an orders ,
... or anywhere the oakland raiders in the first super bowl .
in the group of the group of broken , the glass has n't broken at all .
the tapper thrusts his hand into his victim 's body and pulls out the heart . he picks up the body and slings it onto his shoulder .
the study went into the speed in the room ; the glass was awful .
people can not simply rely on a deaf mentor , people are sure .
people is deaf and sometimes a deaf mentor by including him / her in the family .
then they can do more such as being involved in the deaf community .
the researches have proven that a child with a deaf mentor to meet the parents .
the parents will realize and embraces the situation more calmly . without a deaf role model , we are missing the link of connection between the parents and the deaf person .
therefore , overall , there 's a missing link .
the driver are on sale because they used to grow for a dance .
the first thing the doctor and nurse would say to the parents would be " i am sorry . " it 's an automatic negative . " i am sorry that your child is deaf " .
i would look like the deaf mentor to meet the hall coordinator .
the parents will realize and embraces the situation accident .
